DocuSign Envelope ID: EAE15C0F-D294-4041-A69D-BA66A65620CC

☒

CUS AMMWMYY BATES dh JUMFITVN

☒

3(21) INVESTMENT ADVISORY AGREEMENT AND 408(B)(2) DISCLOSURE

(ERISA-Covered Plans)

BackBox 401(K) Plan

THIS INVESTMENT ADVISORY AGREEMENT is made on the Effective Date identified below by and between Global Retirement Partners, LLC ("Advisor") and the entity shown on Appendix A attached hereto ("Client"), with reference to the following:

doing business as Gus Bates Insurance &

Investments, a division of HUB International Texas, Inc.,

The Sponsor named on Appendix A sponsors and maintains a tax-qualified retirement plan ("Plan"), which is subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA").
Client is the named fiduciary of the Plan with responsibility for the investment of Plan assets, or if the Plan is participant- directed, is responsible to designate investment alternatives available to participants for the investment of their individual accounts under the terms of the Plan and to enter into contractual arrangements with third parties to assist in the discharge of these and related duties.
The type of Plan is specified on Appendix A.

Advisor is a Registered Investment Adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act"), and is willing to render advisory and other services under the terms and conditions of this Agreement through its advisory representatives ("Advisory Representatives").
Advisory Representatives are named in Appendix A.

In connection with and in discharge of its duties with respect to the Plan, Client desires to engage the services of Advisor and the Advisory Representative for the purposes specifically set forth below.

408(b)(2) Disclosure. Regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of Labor, known as the -covered retirement plans to provide disclosures, in writing, regarding the services they provide and the compensation they receive therefore.
The disclosures contained in this Agreement are made in accordance with section 408(b)(2) regulations and are intended to assist the Client in determining whether Adv reasonable.

"408(b)(2) regulations," require covered service providers to

compensation are

services and

Within 30 days of written request by the Client, the Advisor will provide all information regarding this Agreement and compensation so that Client may comply with all reporting and disclosure requirements of ERISA.

In the event the Client desires additional information regarding Advisor's services and/or compensation,

the Client may request further clarification in writing and Advisor will respond no later than 30 days from receipt of the material change.

In the event of any material change to the terms of the Agreement or compensation may occur, the Advisor will disclose such change to Client within a reasonable period of time after the Advisor becomes aware of the change.

If the Advisor discovers any error or omission in the provision of disclosures required by section 408(b) (2) regulations, Advisor will notify the Client of the error or omission and provide corrected disclosures within 30 days of discovery.

GRP Investment Advisory Agreement 3(21) ERISA Covered Plans ( 2017) 1

-

DocuSign Envelope ID: EAE15C0F-D294-4041-A69D-BA66A65620CC

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the following mutual promises and covenants, Client and Advisor agree as follows:

1. Appointment of Advisor/Fiduciary Role (408(b)(2) Disclosure)

Investment Advisor. Client hereby engages Advisor and the Advisory Representative to provide the investment advisory and other services described by this Agreement.
Advisor acknowledges that, to the extent the advisory services provided to your Plan under this Agreement may involve a provision of fiduciary investment advice to the Plan for purposes of ERISA, Advisor and the Advisory Representative will be a "fiduciary" of the Plan as such term is defined under Section 3(21)(A) of ERISA in providing services under this Agreement.
Client and Advisor agree and acknowledge that (a) Advisor and the Advisory Representative shall act in a solely advisory capacity and shall not have or exercise any discretionary authority or discretionary control respecting management or the investment of the assets of the Plan, (b) Advisor and the Advisory Representative shall not be an "investment manager" as defined in Section 3(38) of ERISA, and (c) Advisor and the Advisory Representative will not be responsible for investment decisions made by the Plan participants with respect to the investment of their individual accounts.

2. Services (408(b)(2) Disclosure) See Appendix B

-

3. Term

The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date set forth below, and shall continue unless and until terminated by either party on not less than thirty (30) days written notice to the other party.

4. Termination of Agreement (408(b)(2) Disclosure)

This Agreement may be terminated by either party upon providing written notification to the other party.
If the effective date of termination of this Agreement occurs during the quarter in which the notice of termination is given and is other than the last day of a calendar quarter for which Advisor has received payment, Advisor shall be entitled to fees in connection with the services provided hereunder for the period to such termination.
Client will be responsible for a pro rata portion of its quarterly fee for such additional period.
Any such additional fee shall be paid concurrently with the notice of termination if given by Client and within five (5) business days following the notice of termination by Advisor.
The termination of this Agreement shall not affect provisions of this Agreement relating to the arbitration of disputes, the validity of any action taken before termination, or liabilities for actions taken prior to termination.

5. Compensation (408(b)(2) Disclosure)

Advisor shall be paid for services by the party and in the manner selected in Appendix C. Advisor will not charge a termination fee for early termination of this Agreement, but certain fees or adjustments may apply upon the sale or other termination of investments made by the Plan.
Please review the prospectus or other offering documents that apply to the investments made by your Plan.

Client agrees and acknowledges that it has received a copy of this Agreement and Appendix C for review

GRP Investment Advisory Agreement 3(21) ERISA Covered Plans ( 2017) 2

-

DocuSign Envelope ID: EAE15C0F-D294-4041-A69D-BA66A65620CC

reasonably in advance of entering this Agreement.
This Agreement together with Appendix B and Appendix C describes the services to be provided by Advisor and Advisor's compensation for services under this Agreement.

6. Acknowledgements, Representations, Warranties and Disclosures of Client

(a) Client acknowledges that (i) it has selected the investment(s) and investment manager(s) to be held by or offered under the Plan, and (ii) Advisor is acting in an advisory capacity only and has no discretion over the investments held by or offered under the Plan.

(b) Client acknowledges that Client (or if required by the Plan, the Plan's participants) is solely responsible for the voting of proxies and exercise of other shareholder rights with respect to securities held by the Plan and Advisor does not provide any advice with respect to such matters.

(c) Client has been advised by Advisor that investments fluctuate in value and the value of the investments when sold may be greater or lesser than the original cost.
Client acknowledges that (i) Advisor does not warrant or guarantee any level of performance by any of the investments or that any investment will be profitable over time, (ii) the Plan and its participants are assuming the market risk involved in the investment of Plan assets, and (iii) past investment performance does not necessarily guarantee any level of future investment performance.

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, neither Advisor nor your Advisory Representative may provide any investment or other advice with respect to assets of the Plan may e nvested n tock sued y he lan ponsor, (ii) elf-directed rokerage ption hat permits participants the opportunity to allocate some or all of their participant accounts to other investments, or (iii) with respect to whether to continue such investments as a part of the Plan.

(i)

that

a

(e) Client represents and warrants that Client has the power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, and there are no authorizations, permits, certifications, licenses, filings, registrations, approvals or consents that must be obtained by it from any third party, including any governmental authority, in connection with this Agreement.
Client represents and warrants that it is a fiduciary of the Plan with authority to select the Plan's other service providers and the Plan's investments, and Client has responsibility to determine whether the Plan's service arrangements including compensation paid by the Plan is reasonable.

(f) Client acknowledges that the Plan will pay fees and expenses in connection with the Plan's investment transactions, which will be in addition to the Advisor's fees.
If the Plan invests in mutual funds, the fee table that is located in the summary section at the front of each mutual fund prospectus describes fees and expenses paid from a mutual fund's assets, including its total annual operating expenses.
If the Plan purchases a variable annuity contract or other insurance product, ("insurance product") the total annual operating expense of each variable investment option provided under an insurance product, and all other charges, fees, or penalties that may be imposed in connection with the purchase, holding, exchange or termination of the insurance product are described in disclosure materials provided by the insurance company issuer for your review.
The Advisory Representative may provide copies of mutual fund prospectus and insurance company disclosure materials to Client before Client selects a mutual fund or insurance product, and will obtain and provide additional copies on the Client's request.

GRP Investment Advisory Agreement 3(21) ERISA Covered Plans ( 2017) 3

-

DocuSign Envelope ID: EAE15C0F-D294-4041-A69D-BA66A65620CC

(g) (h)

(i) (j) (k)

7.

(a)

Client represents and warrants that this Agreement has been duly authorized and executed and constitutes the legal, valid and binding Agreement of Client and Plan, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

Client acknowledges and agrees that Client is required to provide Advisor with current statements of investment holdings and such other information as Advisor may reasonably require in performing services under this Agreement.
Client agrees to coordinate as needed with the Plan's other service providers (e.g., trustee or custodian, record keeper and/or investment provider) to provide (or provide Advisor access or authorization to access) such statements and other information to Advisor.
Client agrees that Advisor may rely on all financial and other information provided or to be provided to Advisor by Client or any of the Plan's other service providers to enable Advisor to perform services under this Agreement as true, correct and complete in all material respects.
Client further acknowledges that Advisor's performance of services including without limitation the delivery of reports to Client depends upon Advisor's timely receipt of all required information and Advisor is not responsible for verifying the accuracy of the financial and other information provided by Client or any other of the Plan's service providers.
Client agrees to promptly notify Advisor in writing of any material change in the financial and other information provided to Advisor and to promptly provide any such additional information as may be requested by Advisor.
Further, Client represents and warrants that the information provided on Appendix A with respect to the Sponsor, Client and Plan is accurate and correct.
Client shall notify Advisor immediately of any change to Client and Plan information provided on Appendix A.

Client acknowledges that Advisor shall not, and cannot, provide legal, accounting or tax advice to Client or the Plan.
Client is responsible to maintain the Plan in compliance with applicable qualification requirements of the Internal Revenue Code which may include receipt of a favorable qualification letter, and Advisor shall have no responsibility for such matters.
Client agrees to seek the advice of its legal advisor as to matters that might arise relating to the operation and administration of the Plan.

Client acknowledges that Client is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan, including without limitation the timely transmission of plan contributions, the filing of required government reports and the provision of all required notices and communications to the Plan's participants in accordance with applicable law and regulation.
Advisor does not have any responsibility for determining or timely transmittal of plan contributions, filing of required government reports, or preparing or delivering notices or communications to the Plan's participants, or for notifying Client that any such notices or communications are required.

Receipt of Disclosure Statement: Client acknowledges receipt of Advisor's Brochure (Part 2A and 2B of Form ADV) prior to or contemporaneously with execution of this agreement and understands that this agreement may be terminated without penalty within five (5) business days after entering this Agreement.

Representations, Warranties and Disclosures of Advisor (408(b)(2) Disclosure)

Advisor represents and warrants that (i) Advisor is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act and shall maintain such registration through the term of this Agreement, and (ii) all personnel assigned by Advisor to render services hereunder shall be appropriately licensed as required by law.

GRP Investment Advisory Agreement 3(21) ERISA Covered Plans ( 2017) 4

-

DocuSign Envelope ID: EAE15C0F-D294-4041-A69D-BA66A65620CC

(b) (c) (d)

Advisor represents and warrants that it has no material affiliation or contractual relationship with any other party in the selection of the investment options under the Plan.

Advisor represents and warrants that Advisor has the power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, and there are no authorizations, permits, certifications, licenses, filings, registrations, approvals or consents which must be obtained by it from any third party, including any governmental authority, in connection with this Agreement.

Advisor represents and warrants that this Agreement has been duly authorized and executed and constitutes the legal, valid and binding Agreement of Advisor, enforceable in accordance with its

8.

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

terms.

Standard of Care; Limits on Liability

In performing its duties hereunder, Advisor will act in a manner consistent with the requirements of a fiduciary under ERISA charged with performing the duties specified in this Agreement.
Accordingly, Client acknowledges that the sole standard of care imposed on Advisor and its agents hereunder is to act with the care, skill, prudence, and diligence under the circumstances then prevailing that a prudent investor acting in a like capacity would use.

Client agrees that the only responsibilities of Advisor hereunder are to render the services described by this Agreement, and Advisor shall have no other responsibility with respect to Client or the Plan.
Neither Advisor nor any "person associated with" Advisor, as such term is defined in Section 202(a)(17) of the Advisers Act, shall have the authority to take custody or possession of any assets of the Plan.

Advisor will not be subject to any claim arising from any act or failure to act of Sponsor, Client, any other fiduciary of the Plan, any employee or agent of the Sponsor, any other service provider to the Plan, or any participant under the Plan, or any failure of Sponsor, Client or any other fiduciary of the Plan (or any of their employees or agents), or any other service provider to the Plan, to comply with any of its obligations relating to the Plan.
Advisor shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it or for any error in judgment made by it in the performance of its duties hereunder, in the absence of negligence, intentional misconduct or material breach of Agreement on the part of Advisor.

Sponsor (and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan) shall indemnify Advisor, and each of its current or future subsidiaries or affiliates, and their shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents or other representatives, and hold each of them harmless from and against any and all cl of every kind and character without limitation arising out of or connected with (i) any breach of ection 6 or other failure to comply with its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) any action taken or failed to be taken by Sponsor, Client or any other fiduciary of the Plan (or any of their employees or agents), or any other service provider to the Plan, in connection with the operation or administration of the Plan (including without limitation, the selection or retention of investments, investment managers or investment providers not recommended by Advisor) in the absence of Advisor's negligence, intentional misconduct or material breach of this Agreement.

losses, expenses, liabilities, demands, obligations, costs, attorneys' fees or damages Client's acknowledgements, representations and warranties under

GRP Investment Advisory Agreement 3(21) ERISA Covered Plans ( 2017) 5

-

DocuSign Envelope ID: EAE15C0F-D294-4041-A69D-BA66A65620CC

(e) The provisions of this Section 8 shall survive termination of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall operate as a waiver or limitation of the Plan's rights under federal or state securities laws or under ERISA.

9. Custody

All Plan assets will be maintained by a designated custodian selected by the Client.
Advisor will not act as custodian for any Plan assets and will not take possession of cash and/or securities of the Plan.
Advisor will not be liable to Client for any act, conduct or omission by the custodian.

10. Non-Exclusive Services; Relationship of Parties

Client understands that Advisor and its affiliates and agents, including its Advisory Representatives, perform, among other things, brokerage and investment advisory services for other clients, including other plans.
Client recognizes that Advisor or any of its affiliates or agents including its Advisory Representatives may give advice and take action in the performance of its duties for such other clients (including those who may have similar retirement plan arrangements as the Plan) which may differ from advice given, or in the timing and nature of action taken, with respect to Client and the Plan.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to impose on Advisor, or any of its affiliates or agents including its Advisory Representatives, any obligation to advise Client with respect to the Plan in the same manner as Advisor (or any of its affiliates or agents including its Advisory Representatives) may advise any other clients.
Client also acknowledges that Advisor (and its affiliates and agents including its Advisory Representatives) may, by reason of its other activities as described above from time to time acquire confidential information.
Client acknowledges and agrees that Advisor (and its affiliates and agents including its Advisory Representatives) are not permitted to divulge to Client or any other party, or to act upon, any such confidential information in providing services under this Agreement.

Client acknowledges that certain Advisory Representatives of Advisor may engage in outside business activities that are not supervised by the Adviser such as (without limitation) providing consulting, administration, recordkeeping or similar services with respect to retirement plans.
Client acknowledges and agrees that Advisor (i) does not endorse or recommend any Advisory Representative to provide services to Client or the Plan that are not within the scope of and subject to this Agreement, and (ii) is not responsible for and does not supervise any Advisory Representative with respect to any such outside business activities.
If Client engages the Advisory Representative to provide services other than the services described by this Agreement and Appendix A, Advisor shall not supervise such services and shall have no responsibility for the Advisory Representative's provision of such services.

11. Expenses (408(b)(2) Disclosure)

Advisor shall be entitled to reimbursement of any reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by it at the request of Client in the performance of its duties hereunder promptly upon presentation of invoices.
In the event of any litigation involving the Plan, Client shall reimburse Advisor for all costs of providing records, preparing reports and preparing for and providing testimony in such litigation, including the reasonable compensation of its employees in performing such functions, whether or not Advisor is a party to such action.
This provision shall survive termination of this Agreement.

GRP Investment Advisory Agreement 3(21) ERISA Covered Plans ( 2017) 6

-

DocuSign Envelope ID: EAE15C0F-D294-4041-A69D-BA66A65620CC

12.

(a) (b) (c) (d) (e)

(f)

General Provisions

Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Client and Advisor with respect to the matters set forth herein, and each party acknowledges and agrees that no representations, warranties, inducements, promises or agreements other than those set forth herein have been made by any party to the other.
In addition, this Agreement shall supersede all previous Agreements between the Client and Advisor with respect to matters herein.

Amendments. Advisor may propose to amend this Agreement by written notice to Client, and Client will be deemed to agree and the amendment will be effective, unless Client objects in writing within thirty (30) days of receipt of such notice.
No other modifications, amendments or attempted waiver of any provisions of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by both parties hereto.

Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, except to the extent federal law preempts state law.

Nonassignability; Binding Effect.
Neither party to this Agreement may assign nor delegate any rights or obligations hereunder without first obtaining the written consent of the other, but this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors and assigns.

Notice. All notices required by this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered by U.S. Mail, overnight express delivery, facsimile or email and shall be effective on the date of delivery if personally delivered or delivered by email or on the date of posting if mailed.
Notices shall be delivered to the following addresses:

If to Client: If to Advisor:

Address as indicated in Appendix A

Global Retirement Partners, LLC Attn.: Compliance Officer 4340 Redwood Highway, Suite B60 San Rafael, CA 94903 (415) 526-2750 phone (415) 492-1229 facsimile

A copy of any notice to the Advisor shall also be sent to the Advisory Representative at the address on Appendix A.

Advice of Counsel.
Each party represents and warrants that in executing this Agreement it has had the opportunity to obtain independent accounting, financial, investment, legal, tax and other appropriate advice; that the terms of the Agreement have been carefully read by such party and its consequences explained to such party by his or their independent advisors, and that such party fully understands the terms and consequences of this Agreement.
Each party further represents and warrants that, in executing this Agreement, it has not relied on any inducements, promises or representations made by the other party (except those expressly set forth herein) or the

GRP Investment Advisory Agreement 3(21) ERISA Covered Plans ( 2017) 7

-

DocuSign Envelope ID: EAE15C0F-D294-4041-A69D-BA66A65620CC

accountants, attorneys or other agents representing or serving the other party.
Each party represents and warrants that its execution of this Agreement is free and voluntary.

(g) (h)

Interpretation. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with its fair meaning as if prepared by all parties hereto, and shall not be interpreted against either party on the basis that it was prepared by one party or the other.
The captions, headings, and subheadings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and do not in any way affect, limit, amplify or modify the terms and provisions thereof.
Words used herein in the masculine gender shall include the neuter and feminine gender, words used herein in the neuter gender shall include the masculine and feminine, words used herein in the singular shall include the plural, and words used in the plural shall include the singular, wherever the context so reasonably requires.

Arbitration. In the event of a dispute arising from or relating to this Agreement or a breach thereof, the parties agree to try in good faith to resolve the dispute through direct discussions.
If such direct discussions do not resolve the dispute, the parties agree to endeavor to settle the dispute by mediation administered by the American Arbitration Association under its Commercial Mediation Procedures, the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., or Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), as Advisor may designate before resorting to arbitration.
If they are unable to resolve the dispute through mediation, within sixty (60) days from the date notice is first given by one party to the other as to the existence of such a dispute, they agree to submit to resolution by arbitration before a panel of independent arbitrators and administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with its Commercial Arbitration Rules, the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., or Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), as Advisor may designate.
Such arbitration shall be binding and final, the judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
The arbitrators will have no authority to award punitive or other damages not measured by the prevailing party's actual damages, except as may be required by statute.
This provision survives termination of this Agreement.

GRP Investment Advisory Agreement 3(21) ERISA Covered Plans ( 2017) 8

-

DocuSign Envelope ID: EAE15C0F-D294-4041-A69D-BA66A65620CC

The Parties have caused this Agreement to be signed by their duly authorized representatives as of

[ 04/01/2022 ] (the "Effective Date").

kathy ¿ Schneeberg

Authorized Signer for Named DocuSigned by;

DocuSigned by: Cs

Signature:

Plan Fiduciary

Print Name:     Kathy Schneeberg              Print Name:     Blake Hiett                     
DBA:            BackBox Software U.S., Inc.   DBA:            HUB International               
Address:        5960 Berkshire Ln.            Address:        3221 Collinsworth St.           
City, ST Zip:   Dallas, TX 75225              City, ST Zip:   Fort Worth, TX 76107            
Email:          kathy@backbox.com             Email:          blake.hiett@hubinternational.com
Date:           3/9/2022                      Date:           3/9/2022                        

Plan Fiduciary

Authorized Signer for Named

(Complete only if second signature required)

Investment Advisor Representative

Signature:

Investment Advisor Representative

Signature:      Signature:   
Print Name:     Print Name:  
DBA:            DBA:         
Address:        Address:     
City, ST Zip:   City, ST Zip:
Email:          Email:       
Date:           Date:        

Plan Fiduciary

Authorized Signer for Named third

RIA Acceptance

(Complete only if signature required)

Signature: Print Name: DBA: Address:

DocuSigned by:

lien tran 1CC209E039A84F1...

3/10/2022

City, ST Zip: Email: Date:

GRP Investment Advisory Agreement 3(21) ERISA Covered Plans ( 2017) 9

-

DocuSign Envelope ID: EAE15C0F-D294-4041-A69D-BA66A65620CC

APPENDIX A

Plan Name:

BackBox 401(K) Plan

Named Plan Fiduciary (Client): Kathy Schneeberg

Plan Sponsor Name: Plan Sponsor Address/ Phone/Email:

Plan Tax ID:

List All Authorized Sign rs, POAs, or anyone with discretion over the plan: (attach separate page as needed)

BackBox Software U.S., Inc.

5960 Berkshire Lane, Dallas, TX 75225 (214)415-1526 kathy@baxbox.com

87-1805880 Kathy Schneeberg

Plan Type:

☒ Defined Contribution Plan (Participant-Directed)

☐ Defined Contribution Plan (NOT Participant-Directed)

☐ Defined Benefit Plan

☐ Other - Please Specify

Vendor/Provider Name: Voya / FuturePlan

Advisory Representative: Blake Hiett

Advisory Representative Address 3221 Collinsworth St.

(Include Phone and Email)

Fort Worth, TX 76107 817-529-5368; blake.hiett@hubinternational.com

Internal Use

- To be Completed by IAR

Estimated Plan Participants as of the effective date of the agreement: Total Estimated Plan Assets as of the effective date of the agreement:

GRP Investment Advisory Agreement 3(21) ERISA Covered Plans (

8 Start-Up

2017) 10

-

DocuSign Envelope ID: EAE15C0F-D294-4041-A69D-BA66A65620CC

APPENDIX B - SERVICES Investment Advisory Services (Select all that apply)

*Fiduciary services under ERISA (to the extent the plan is subject to ERISA)

☒

☒

☒

☒

the definition of a "Qualified Default Investment Alternative" ("QDIA") under ERISA (for plans

☐

☒

Investment Policy Statement.

Advisor will prepare an initial draft investment policy statement ("IPS") for the Plan, including investment objectives, policies, and constraints consistent with the Plan's requirements and requirements under ERISA, and provide an annual review of the IPS. Client is responsible for reviewing and adopting the IPS, and updating the IPS to reflect changes in the Plan and investments of the Plan from time to time.
Advisor provides no assurances that the Plan will achieve the investment objectives in the IPS.

*Ongoing Investment Selection and Recommendations.

Advisor will review the Plan's investments and recommend investment manager(s) and investment(s) consistent with the requirements of the Plan's IPS as adopted by Client.
If the Plan is a participant- directed plan, Advisor will recommend investment alternatives with a view to complying with the "broad range" requirement under regulations issued by the U.S. Department of Labor under ERISA Section 404(c).
If Advisor has been engaged as an Investment Advisor to the Plan, Advisor will assist Client to implement the Plan's investment program solely upon Client's direction.
If Advisor is appointed as Investment Manager, Advisor will implement recommendations for the Plan after notice to Client.
Advisor will recommend, for consideration and selection by Client, investment replacements if an existing investment is no longer suitable as an investment option.

*Ongoing Investment Monitoring.

Advisor will perform ongoing monitoring of investment options in relation to the criteria provided by the Client to the Advisor.

*Qualified Default Investment Alternative Assistance.

Advisor may assist Client in identifying an investment product or model portfolio in connection with bject to ERISA).

*Non-Discretionary Model Portfolios.

Advisor will recommend, for consideration and approval by Client, (i) asset allocation target-date or risk-based model portfolios for the Plan to make available to Plan participants, (ii) funds from the line- up of investment options chosen by the Client to include in such model portfolios.

Performance Reports.

Advisor will prepare periodic reports reviewing the performance of all Plan investment options, as well as comparing the performance thereof to benchmarks with Client.
The information used to generate the reports will be derived directly from information such as stated provided by Client, investment providers and/or third parties.

GRP Investment Advisory Agreement 3(21) ERISA Covered Plans ( 2017) 11

-

DocuSign Envelope ID: EAE15C0F-D294-4041-A69D-BA66A65620CC

Agreed Upon Plan Reviews (Annually):

☐ Quarterly

☐ Semi-Annually ( ☐ 1Q&3Q or ☐ 2Q&4Q)

☒ Annually

Consulting Services (Select all that apply)

☒ Service Provider Liaison.

Advisor shall assist the Plan by acting as a liaison between the Plan and service providers, product sponsors and/or vendors.
In such cases, Advisor shall act only in accordance with instructions from the Client on investment or Plan administration matters and shall not exercise judgment or discretion.

☒ Education Services to Plan Committee.

Advisor will provide education, training, and/or guidance for the members of the Plan Committee with regard to plan features, retirement readiness matters, or duties and responsibilities or the Committee, including education with respect to fiduciary responsibilities.

☒ Participant Enrollment.

Advisor will assist Client in enrolling Plan participants in the Plan, including conducting an agreed upon number of enrollment meetings.
As part of such meetings, Advisor will provide participants with information about the Plan, which may include information on the benefits of Plan participation, the benefits of increasing Plan contributions, the impact of preretirement withdrawals on retirement income, the terms of the Plan and the operation of the Plan.

Agreed Upon Enrollment Meetings (Annually):

☒ Participant Education.

as needed

If the Plan is participant-directed, Advisor may provide investment education and information to participants as agreed from time to time, including in-person group sessions and printed education materials (which may include posters, payroll stuffers, and emails) and other similar services.
Unless

otherwise agreed by Advisor and Client, Advisor's services shall be limited to investment education Bulletin 96-1.

services as defined by U.S. Department of Labor (DOL) Inte

Advisor Representative may provide investment advice to individual participants upon request.
If providing participant advice, each participant must complete a Participant Investment Advisory Agreement providing the relevant financial information for the advisor to make informed recommendations.
The Advisor will not charge an additional fee to participants for this service.
With respect to the extent of the investment advice provided under the Participant Investment Advisory Agreement, GRP and IAR each acknowledge that it is a fiduciary.

GRP Investment Advisory Agreement 3(21) ERISA Covered Plans ( 2017) 12

-

DocuSign Envelope ID: EAE15C0F-D294-4041-A69D-BA66A65620CC

If your Plan is a participant-directed Plan, your Plan's record keeper and/or the investment provider that offers the investment platform through which your Plan's investments are processed is required to provide to you information to comply with DOL regulations that require the delivery of information to your Plan's participants about the Plan's designated investment alternatives.
If requested, your Advisor may assist you in coordinating with the record keeper and/or investment provider to obtain these materials.
Your investment providers are responsible for ensuring that these materials are complete and accurate, and we do not make any representation as to the completeness and accuracy of these materials.

as needed

Agreed Upon Education Meetings (Annually):

☐ Provide a Comprehensive Wellness Program.

☒ Plan Search Support/Vendor Analysis.

Advisor will assist Client with the preparation of requests for proposals, evaluation of proposals and bids, and interviews of investment providers (e.g., insurance or brokerage firms or mutual fund complexes offering plan recordkeeping and investment services) and/or other plan service providers, as requested by Client, from time to time.
Advisor will assist Client with conversions between investment providers and other plan service providers.
In performing service provider search support services, Advisor acts in a solely advisory capacity; Client shall be responsible for selecting the Plan's investment platform provider and other plan service vendors and determining whether their compensation is reasonable.

☒ Benchmarking Services.

Advisor will provide Client with comparisons of Plan data (e.g., regarding fees, services, participant plans.

enrollment and contributions) to data from the Plan's prior years and/or a benchmark group of similar

☒ Assistance Identifying Plan Fees.

Advisor will assist Client in identifying the fees and other costs borne by the Plan for, as specified by Client, investment management, recordkeeping, participant education, participant communication and/or other services provided with respect to the Plan.

GRP Investment Advisory Agreement 3(21) ERISA Covered Plans ( 2017) 13

-

DocuSign Envelope ID: EAE15C0F-D294-4041-A69D-BA66A65620CC

APPENDIX C - FEE SCHEDULE

Payment Source:

☐ Investment Provider or other third party, and/or out of Plan assets:

Sponsor authorizes the investment provider or other third party ("Third Party Payor") to pay compensation due to RIA and Advisory Representative(s) pursuant to the below terms.
A periodic statement setting forth the compensation deducted from the Plan shall be provided by Third Party Payor. (Note: additional authorization forms may be required by the Third Party Payor.) Check applicable payor:

Name of Payor: Payment Account/Contract Ref#:

☒ Client: Fees shall be billed to the Sponsor.
Fees shall be due upon receipt of the billing notice.

Advisor Compensation:

☐ Annual Fee for Service.
Fee for service based on percentage of Plan assets of basis points (bps)

☐ Annual Flat Fee for Service: $

☐ First Year Transition Expense fee of $

☐ One-time Fee of $

or bps (one time).

, for Project-Specific work.

☒ Annual Fee for Service - Tiered.
Fee for service based on a percentage of Plan assets, per the tiered schedule below:

Value of Plan Assets (range)

Fee

$0 - $500,000

2500

bps or $ bps or $ bps or $ bps or $ bps or $

$500,001+

50

Note: Subject to Vendor approval and execution

GRP Investment Advisory Agreement 3(21) ERISA Covered Plans ( 2017) 1

-

DocuSign Envelope ID: EAE15C0F-D294-4041-A69D-BA66A65620CC

Payment Frequency, Timing, and Method: Frequency:

☐ Monthly

☒ Quarterly

☐ Other:

Timing:

☒ In arrears

☐ In advance

Method:

☐ Based on the value of Plan assets in the method determined by the Third Party Payor,

Based on the value of Plan Assets at (

beginning or

end) of the quarter

☒

☐ ☒

☐ Based on the value of Plan Assets at ( ☐ beginning or ☐ end) of the month ☐

Based on the average market value for the frequency selected above

☐ Flat Fee, as noted above

GRP Investment Advisory Agreement 3(21) ERISA Covered Plans ( 2017) 15

-

DocuSign

Certificate Of Completion Envelope Id: EAE15C0FD2944041A69DBA66A65620CC Subject: Please DocuSign: BackBox HUB 3(21) Agreement.pdf

Source Envelope: Document Pages: 15 Certificate Pages: 2 AutoNav: Enabled EnvelopeId Stamping: Enabled

Signatures: 3 Initials: 0

Time Zone: (UTC-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada)

Record Tracking Status: Original 3/3/2022 11:17:15 AM

Signer Events

Kathy Schneeberg kathy@backbox.com Security Level: Email, Account Authentication (None)

DocuSigned by:

kathy ¿ Schneeberg 72145C28C2B8425...

Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: Not Offered via DocuSign

Blake Hiett blake.hiett@hubinternational.com Security Level: Email, Account Authentication (None)

Eaft DocuSigned by: 3714979CAA7E412..

Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: Not Offered via DocuSign

Lien Tran compliancedocs@grpfinancial.com Compliance Analyst Global Retirement Partners LLC Security Level: Email, Account Authentication (None)

DocuSigned by: lien Tran 1CC209E039A84F1

Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: Not Offered via DocuSign

Holder: Abbie Cone abbie.cone@hubinternational.com

Signature

Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style Using IP Address: 172.126.19.45

Signature Adoption: Drawn on Device Using IP Address: 165.225.221.62

Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style Using IP Address: 165.225.243.74

Status: Completed

Envelope Originator: Abbie Cone 9731 Wortham Blvd Suite 105 Houston, TX 77065 abbie.cone@hubinternational.com IP Address: 104.14.115.219

Location: DocuSign

Timestamp Sent: 3/3/2022 11:19:13 AM Viewed: 3/9/2022 11:18:49 AM Signed: 3/9/2022 11:19:35 AM

Sent: 3/9/2022 11:19:36 AM Viewed: 3/9/2022 11:20:03 AM Signed: 3/9/2022 11:20:44 AM

Sent: 3/9/2022 11:20:45 AM Viewed: 3/10/2022 11:55:46 AM Signed: 3/10/2022 11:56:22 AM

In Person Signer Events        Signature   Timestamp
Editor Delivery Events         Status      Timestamp
Agent Delivery Events          Status      Timestamp
Intermediary Delivery Events   Status      Timestamp
Certified Delivery Events      Status      Timestamp
Carbon Copy Events             Status      Timestamp

Carbon Copy Events

GRP Financial compliancedocs@grpfinancial.com Compliance Analyst Global Retirement Partners LLC Security Level: Email, Account Authentication (None) Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: Not Offered via DocuSign

Status

Timestamp Sent: 3/10/2022 11:56:23 AM

COPIED

Witness Events            Signature          Timestamp            
Notary Events             Signature          Timestamp            
Envelope Summary Events   Status             Timestamps           
Envelope Sent             Hashed/Encrypted   3/3/2022 11:19:13 AM 
Certified Delivered       Security Checked   3/10/2022 11:55:46 AM
Signing Complete          Security Checked   3/10/2022 11:56:22 AM
Completed                 Security Checked   3/10/2022 11:56:23 AM
Payment Events            Status             Timestamps           