DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

CW2416682

MASTER PURCHASE AGREEMENT

COVER PAGE

This Master Purchase Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of the effective date indicated below by and between Citizens Bank, N.A. ("Citizens") and the entity listed below ("Service Provider") (each individually a "Party" and collectively the "Parties").

Party (Full Name)             Citizens Citizens, including its Affiliates (as such term is defined in Schedule 1 below)   Service Provider UiPath, Inc.                             
Principal Place of Business   1 Citizens Plaza Providence, RI 02903                                                       One Vanderbilt Avenue, 60th Floor, New York, NY 10017, USA
Form of Legal Entity          National banking association                                                                Corporation                                               

This Agreement includes, collectively: (a) this Cover Page, (b) the Master Terms and Conditions attached to this Cover Page, (c) the checked Schedules and Attachments listed below, and (d) each Service Order and Statement of Work (as defined in the Agreement) entered into by the Parties with reference to the Agreement.

☒ Schedule 1: Master Terms and Conditions ☒ Schedule 5: Discounts

☒ Schedule 2: Form of Service Order ☒ Schedule 6: Background Checks

☒ Attachment 2-1: Maintenance and Support   ☒ Schedule 7:     Data, CyberSecurity, and  
☒ Attachment 2-2: Source Code Escrow                          Privacy Requirements      
☒ Attachment 2-3: Equipment Terms and       ☒ Schedule 8-1:   ADA Compliance            
Conditions                                  ☒ Schedule 8-2:   Service Provider Diversity

☒ Schedule 3: Form of Statement of Work ☒ Schedule 8-3: Consumer Protection

☒ Attachment 3-1: SOW Service Level ☒ Schedule 9: Insurance Agreement

☒ Schedule 4:

Form of Change Control Document

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

v12292021 Cover page to Master Purchase Agreement Confidential

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties has caused the Agreement to be executed as of December 14, 2022 (the "Agreement Effective Date") by its duly authorized representative.

CITIZENS BANK, N.A.

UIPATH, INC.

DocuSigned by: Carmel ¿ Smith

3617BF25416B45E.

DocuSigned by:

Suzanne Suranne Carmody E45FT8DEF2BA498

Signature

Signature

Suzanne Carmody

Carmel Smith

Name

Name

SVP, Head of Strategic Sourcing

Global VP Commercial Desk

Title

Title

12/13/2022

12/13/2022

Date

Date

AEVIE BCLP WEO

LLP LEGR

Ariba Legal Review Request #: CRW2414658

Signature page to Master Purchase Agreement

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

SCHEDULE 1 MASTER TERMS AND CONDITIONS

5 5

1.    DEFINITIONS                                   5 
2.    STRUCTURE OF AGREEMENT                        8 
3.    LICENSED SOFTWARE AND EQUIPMENT               9 
4.    TESTING AND ACCEPTANCE OF LICENSED SOFTWARE   9 
5.    SERVICES AND DELIVERABLES                     9 
6.    SERVICE PROVIDER PERSONNEL                    10
7.    FEES                                          12
8.    TERM AND TERMINATION                          13
9.    AUDITS AND REPORTS                            15
10.   INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS                  16
11.   DATA AND CYBER SECURITY AND PRIVACY           17
12.   CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION                      17
13.   REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS     19
14.   INDEMNIFICATION                               22
15.   LIMITATION OF LIABILITY                       23
16.   INSURANCE                                     24
17.   DISASTER RECOVERY AND BUSINESS CONTINUITY     24
18.   DIVESTITURES AND ACQUISITIONS                 25
19.   GENERAL                                       26

SCHEDULE 2                                  29
FORM OF SERVICE ORDER                       29
ATTACHMENT 2-1                              32
MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT                     32
ATTACHMENT 2-2                              37
SOURCE CODE ESCROW                          37
ATTACHMENT 2-3                              38
EQUIPMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS              38
SCHEDULE 3                                  39
FORM OF STATEMENT OF WORK                   39
ATTACHMENT 3-1                              45
STATEMENT OF WORK SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT   45
SCHEDULE 4                                  46
FORM OF CHANGE CONTROL DOCUMENT             46
SCHEDULE 5                                  48
DISCOUNTS                                   48

- i -

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

SCHEDULE 6                                     49
BACKGROUND CHECKS                              49
SCHEDULE 7                                     51
DATA, CYBERSECURITY AND PRIVACY REQUIREMENTS   51
SCHEDULE 8-1                                   53
ADA COMPLIANCE                                 53
SCHEDULE 8-2                                   54
SERVICE PROVIDER DIVERSITY                     54
SCHEDULE 8-3                                   56
CONSUMER PROTECTION                            56
SCHEDULE 9                                     57
INSURANCE                                      57

- ii -

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

SCHEDULE 1

MASTER TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. DEFINITIONS. The following terms shall have the meanings given to them below.

"Acceptance Criteria" means, with respect to a Service or Deliverable, (i) the Applicable Specifications, and (ii) any other requirement set forth in this Agreement that applies at the time of performance, provision or delivery to such Service or Deliverable.

"Add-on" means each and any integrations, know-how, workflows, and/ or code created by Citizens, its Affiliates and their Authorized Users using the Licensed Software, either individually, or in collaboration with a third-party and independently from Service Provider.

"Affiliate" means any entity directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with another entity, where "control" means (a) direct or indirect beneficial ownership of more than 50% (or such lesser percentage that constitutes control) of the outstanding voting securities or other ownership interests of an entity; or (b) the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of an entity by contract, right to elect a majority of the governing board or otherwise.

"Agreement" means this Master Purchase Agreement, including its Schedules, and all Attachments thereto, and Service Orders and Statements of Work issued hereunder, and any Exhibits, annexes, appendices, Change Control Documents or similar attachments to the Agreement and its Schedules, and to such Service Orders and Statements of Work.

"Applicable Specifications" means the specifications, technical, business, operational, and functional requirements, standards, responses to Citizens' official requests for information (commonly referred to as RFIs) and requests for proposals (commonly referred to as RFPs) and descriptions including any format and content parameters applicable to the Services and Deliverables, and including any other written document mutually agreed upon by the Parties.

"Authorized User" means any employee, contractor, agent or representative of a Party or of a third party service provider to a Party.

"Change Control Document" and/or "Change Order" means a written statement signed by Citizens and Service Provider authorizing a change to an existing Statement of Work and/or Service Order, substantially in the form of Schedule 4.

"Change of Control" means: (a) the consolidation or merger of Service Provider with or into any entity; (b) the sale, transfer, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of Service Provider or its Affiliates to a third party; or (c) acquisition by any entity, group, or group of entities acting in concert, of control of Service Provider (as control is defined above under the definition of "Affiliate").

"Citizens Confidential Information" means all information, materials or data disclosed or made available to Service Provider hereunder by or on behalf of a Citizens Entity or a customer of a Citizens Entity and relating to Citizens, its employees, contractors, third party service providers, counterparties, or customers, whether disclosed orally, visually or in writing, and all copies, derivatives and transformations of such information.
Without limiting the foregoing, Citizens Confidential Information includes Citizens financial, business and strategic data, as well as Citizens Data, and Citizens' Personal Information, including without limitation customer lists and records.

"Citizens Data" means all data, information, or material that (a) is provided or submitted to Service Provider by or on behalf of Citizens Entities for use in connection with the performance of Services under a Statement of Work; (b) is created by Service Provider particularly for Citizens Entities and as described in the relevant Statement of Work or Change Control Document; (c) pertains to any Citizens Entity and is stored by any software Service Provider may access in order to perform the Services; and/or (d) all copies, derivatives and transformations

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 5 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

of the foregoing categories (a)-(c).
For the avoidance of any doubt, Citizens Data shall not include technical information, usage and telemetry resulting from (i) the Licensed Software usage, or (ii) from Service Provider's performance of its obligations under this Agreement, including usage data generated while providing Maintenance and Support Services to Citizens (collectively "Analyses Information").
Service Provider owns and may use the Analyses Information to provide bug fixes, systems diagnostics, error and performance monitoring, to make updates and improvements, to develop new features and offerings, and to identify industry trends and developments, including creating indices and anonymous benchmarking, provided that Service Provider will treat the Analyses Information as Confidential Information, and will employ adequate techniques to ensure compliance with the foregoing requirement, including anonymization, segregation, aggregation, encryption, de-identification of data, or raw data deletion.

"Citizens Entit(y)(ies)" means Citizens or one or more Affiliates of Citizens, as applicable.

"Citizens Indemnitees" means Citizens Entities and their officers, directors, employees, contractors, attorneys, auditors, advisers, consultants, representatives, third party service providers, customers, successors and assigns.

"Confidential Information" means Citizens Confidential Information and/or Service Provider Confidential Information, as applicable.

"Deliverable" means the deliverables to be produced or delivered to a Citizens Entity under a Service Order, Statement of Work or Change Control Document, whether preliminary or final, in or on any media now existing or later developed and which expressly excludes any and all Software, Software configurations, Service Provider Background Intellectual Property Rights or Service Provider Confidential Information.

"Documentation" means the user guides, user manuals and other written documentation describing the Licensed Software that Service Provider makes available to a Citizens Entity or Authorized User on the Service Provider website at docs.uipath.com or successor website.
For the avoidance of any doubt, Service Provider shall provide on the referenced website previous versions of the Documentation (i.e. archives) and may make changes to the Documentation but (i) no such change will result in a material adverse affirmative obligation on Customer except with prior notice and mutual agreement; and (ii) to the extent of an express conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the conflicting term of the Documentation, the terms of this Agreement will control to the extent of such conflict.

"Expenses" means incidental and/or out-of-pocket expenses, including travel and lodging, shipping, document reproduction and other overhead expenses incurred by Service Provider in connection with performing and providing the Services and/or Deliverables.

"Fees" means fees payable for the Licensed Software, Services and Deliverables as set forth in each Statement of Work.

"Force Majeure Event" means an event or circumstance, which is (a) beyond the control of and without the fault or negligence of the Party affected and (b) limited to the following: acts of God, acts of terrorism, acts of civil or military authority, earthquakes, fires, floods, wars, riots, or other similar event.

"Intellectual Property Rights" means patents, inventions, utility models, trademarks, service marks, trade and service names, copyrights, database rights and design rights (whether or not registered, and including applications for registration), in whole or in part, rights in know-how, moral rights, trade secrets and rights of confidence and all rights or forms of protection of a similar nature or having similar or equivalent effect to any of them which may exist anywhere in the world.

"Law" means any applicable (a) national, state, local or other law or statute in any jurisdiction; (b) international or transnational treaty, law, or statute; (c) rule or regulation issued by a Regulatory Body; (d) written or authoritative interpretation by a Regulatory Body of any such law, statute, rule or regulation; and (e) enforceable

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 6 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

regulatory guidance, any judicial, governmental, or administrative order, judgment, decree or ruling or written and enforceable requirements of industry self-regulatory bodies and organizations.

"License Term" means the duration of the license to use the Licensed Software, as stipulated in a Service Order.

"Licensed Software" means (a) (i) software products licensed to Citizens as specified in Service Orders, all as developed by or for Service Provider and/or its Affiliates, and delivered to Citizens hereunder; (ii) any development kits, protection mechanisms, plugins, connectors, extensions, scripts or any other software made available to Citizens, including during Support or pursuant to warranty obligations, (iii) all new releases, versions, modifications, updates, patches, improvements, enhancements, or similar derived works thereto ("Improvements"); (iv) any complete or partial copies of the foregoing; (v) Documentation, (vi) derived works of all the foregoing, (vii) all Intellectual Property Rights related to all of the foregoing other than rights expressly granted in writing to Citizens within the Agreement, but (b) excluding open source software components, each of which has its copyright notice and license included in the license file.

"Licensing Policy" means the policy available at https://licensing.uipath.com (or successor website) and attached herein for reference purposes as Schedule 10 containing the parameters defining the license grant permissions and related use restrictions applicable to each version of the Licensed Software.
For the avoidance of any doubt, Service Provider shall provide on the referenced website previous versions of the Licensing Policy (i.e. archives) and may make changes to the Licensing Policy but (i) no such change will result in a material adverse affirmative obligation on Customer except with prior notice and mutual agreement; and (ii) to the extent of an express conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the conflicting term of the Licensing Policy, the terms of this Agreement will control to the extent of such conflict.

"Maintenance and Support Services" means the maintenance and support services that Service Provider provides to Citizens in respect of the Licensed Software during the License Term.

"Personal Information" of a disclosing Party means any data, information and/or records of or pertaining to the disclosing Party's or any Affiliate's customers (current, former or prospective), and employees (current, former or prospective) or its customers' customers (current, former or prospective) or employees (current, former or prospective), including but not limited to names, addresses, telephone numbers, account numbers, account and transaction information and any other "Nonpublic Personal Information" as defined in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, 15 U.S.C. 6801 et seq. (the "GLBA Act") relating to such individuals.

"Records" means files or documents, in any format or media, that are created, received, collected, processed, stored, or maintained by Service Provider and that provide evidence of the business activities between Service Provider and Citizens that are governed by this Agreement.

"Regulatory Body" means any governmental regulatory body, quasi-regulatory body, self-regulatory body or self-regulatory organization, or judicial body, as applicable, having jurisdiction over the activities contemplated by the Agreement or over the Parties hereto.

"Security Breach" means an event that results in actual unauthorized access to, acquisition or disclosure of, disruption to or misuse of secure or Confidential Information, or in the case of Citizens Confidential Information, disruption to or corruption of the Citizens network, applications or other similar infrastructure, in which the confidentiality, integrity or security of such secure or Confidential Information has, or is reasonably likely to have been compromised, or which such event could result in substantial harm, inconvenience or identity theft to the disclosing party or any of the disclosing party's Affiliates, customers, employees or contractors.

"Services" means all services to be provided by Service Provider to a Citizens Entity hereunder, as described in a Service Order, Statement of Work and/or a Change Control Document, including, without limitation, professional services for implementation, configuration, development or training services and preparation, implementation, configuration, development and delivery of Deliverables, Maintenance and Support Services

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 7 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

provided in connection with Licensed Software, as well any software and/or tools that are accessed and/or used by Service Provider and/or its Third Party Providers to perform and provide Services and provide Deliverables to Citizens hereunder.

"Service Levels" means the service levels set forth in the applicable Service Order or Statement of Work, as well as good industry standards for first tier providers of similar services, deliverables and/or equipment.

"Service Order" means an ordering document for Licensed Software substantially in the form of Schedule 2 to the Agreement.

"Statement of Work" means an order for Services substantially in the form of Schedule 3 to the Agreement.

"Subcontracting" means Service Provider's practice of assigning or outsourcing part of the Services under this Agreement to another independent party.

"Service Provider Background Intellectual Property Rights" means any Intellectual Property Rights owned, created, developed, leased and/or licensed by Service Provider prior to, outside of, or independently from, the Agreement, including without limitation (i) technology, tools, methods, algorithms, application programming interfaces, and know-how, and (ii) common configurations and generic templates that are not specifically related to any Citizens Data or Licensed Software provided to Citizens, and all derivative works for items (i) and (ii) except those rights expressly granted to Citizens.

"Service Provider Confidential Information" means all information, materials or data disclosed or made available to Citizens hereunder by or on behalf of a Service provider and relating to Service Provider, its employees, contractors, third party service providers, counterparties, or customers, whether disclosed orally, visually or in writing, and all copies, derivatives and transformations of such information.
Without limiting the foregoing, Service Provider Confidential Information includes Service Provider financial, business and strategic data, as well as Service Provider's Personal Information, including without limitation customer lists and records, Licensed Software and Documentation, other than Documentation that is made generally available to the public.

"Service Provider Personnel" means Service Provider's employees, contractors, agents, representatives., consultants, attorneys, accountants, other advisors, and if permitted, Third Party Providers.

"Third Party Providers" means Service Provider's third-party service providers, subcontractors, independent contractors or the like and their respective personnel used by Service provider for the rendering of Services other than Maintenance and Support Services under this Agreement as permitted and approved by Citizens pursuant to the Agreement.
Service Provider will not subcontract the Maintenance and Support Services.

"Third-Party Services" means the cloud applications, cloud service endpoints, data services, software, application programing interfaces, and content of third parties which may be accessed using the Licensed Software and not expressly licensed and provided by Service Provider.

2. STRUCTURE OF AGREEMENT.

2.1 Master Terms.
These Master Terms and Conditions (the "Master Terms") serve as the framework under which any Citizens Entity may order Services and Deliverables from Service Provider under a Service Order or Statement of Work.
Each such Service Order or Statement of Work shall be governed by these Master Terms.
References to "Attachments" in these Master Terms are to such Attachments as completed for and/or attached to a particular Service Order or Statement of Work, as applicable.
Service Provider may not use a Service Order or Statement of Work to renegotiate or otherwise change these Master Terms, except where these Master Terms expressly reserve such matter to the Service Order or Statement of Work level.
Service Provider shall not begin delivery of any Services until Service Provider and a Citizens Entity have signed a Service Order or Statement of Work.

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 8 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

2.2 Trial & testing.
Software or services released by Service Provider under community, trial, early access, alpha, beta, preview, academic or learning designation, are governed by their applicable terms of use, made available to Citizens by Service Provider.

2.3 Affiliates. Citizens may, in its sole discretion, extend the benefits of any Service Order or Statement of Work to any Citizens Affiliate and will cause such Affiliates to comply with Citizens' obligations herein.
Service Provider may only enforce a Service Order or Statement of Work entered into under the Agreement against Citizens.

3. LICENSED SOFTWARE AND EQUIPMENT.

3.1 Licensed Software Delivery.
Upon the date of execution of the applicable Service Order, Service Provider shall, as applicable, either deliver to Citizens a reasonable number of copies of the Licensed Software or provide Citizens with a license key and instructions to download the Licensed Software via file transfer from Service Provider's website, in either case as mutually agreed by the Parties in writing, and shall also deliver a reasonable number of copies of the Documentation in electronic format.

3.2 License Grant.
Service Provider hereby grants Citizens and Authorized Users, upon delivery of the Licensed Software and during the License Term, a limited, worldwide, nonexclusive, non-sublicensable, non- transferable (subject to the Section 19.7), fully paid, royalty free, license to use the Licensed Software and Documentation for its business internal purposes and in accordance with the applicable Licensing Policy and the associated Documentation.
Citizens shall not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to discern the source code, algorithms, file formats, or interface protocols of the Licensed Software.

3.3 Equipment Delivery.
Intentionally Deleted.

3.4 Implementation Assistance.
Except as agreed in a Statement of Work, Service Provider shall provide, at Citizens' expense and at the rate(s) agreed to in writing by the parties in the applicable Service Order, reasonable consultation and assistance as necessary for Citizens or a third party on behalf of Citizens to implement the Licensed Software.

3.5 Maintenance and Support Services.
Service Provider will provide Support during the applicable License Term in accordance with the support terms and conditions available on the Trust Portal and attached herein for reference purposes as Attachment 2-1 (Maintenance and Support).
During the License Term, Service Provider will provide Citizens with its standard Support plan, as part of the Fees paid for the purchased licenses.
The Citizens may purchase additional support plans for improved services and response times, as such are available on the Trust Portal.

4. TESTING AND ACCEPTANCE OF LICENSED SOFTWARE. INTENTIONALLY DELETED.

5. SERVICES AND DELIVERABLES.

5.1 Services. Service Provider shall provide all Services and Deliverables described in a Statement of Work.
Any changes to a Service Order and/or Statement of Work shall be set forth in a Change Control Document.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties in writing, no changes to a Service Order or a Statement of Work shall be effective prior to signing of the Change Control Document by both Parties.
Any other changes to the Agreement may only be made in accordance with Section 19.6 (Amendments) herein.

5.2 Testing and Acceptance of Services (other than Maintenance and Support Services) and Deliverables.

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 9 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

6.

6.1

Acceptance Period. Citizens shall have the period of time as specified in a Statement of Work (or, if no such period is specified, then a thirty (30) day period) upon delivery of each Service and Deliverable provided under such Statement of Work (the "Acceptance Period"), during which to test and/or review each Service or Deliverable, as applicable, to verify that the Service or Deliverable, as applicable, conforms to the terms of the Agreement and the Acceptance Criteria and is otherwise free from errors.

Notice of Acceptance.
If, during the Acceptance Period, Citizens determines that a Service or Deliverable, as applicable, meets the Acceptance Criteria, Citizens shall notify Service Provider in writing of acceptance.
If Citizens does not respond within the Acceptance Period plus a thirty (30) days cure period ("Cure Period") following a Service Provider notification to Citizens in written, the Service or Deliverable, as applicable, shall be deemed to be accepted.

Notice of Deficiencies and Remediation.
If, during the Acceptance Period, Citizens determines that the Service or Deliverable, as applicable, fails to conform to the Acceptance Criteria or has an error, Citizens shall notify Service Provider of the deficiencies.
Service Provider, at its own expense, shall modify, repair or adjust the applicable Service or Deliverable to cure the deficiencies within the timeframe mutually agreed to between the Parties.

Additional Remedies. Citizens shall have the Acceptance Period and the Cure Period to perform additional acceptance tests once Service Provider has delivered a revised Service or Deliverable, as applicable, correcting all deficiencies.
If deficiencies still exist in the applicable Service or Deliverable as determined by Citizens in its reasonable discretion, Citizens, at its sole option, and without prejudice to any other legal rights as it may have, may: (i) repeat the procedure set forth above; (ii) extend the time for Service Provider's performance; or (iii) reject the applicable Service or Deliverable and terminate the Agreement, Statement of Work, in whole or in part with respect to the deficient Services or Deliverable, in which case Service Provider shall remit to Citizens all Fees paid to Service Provider for such Service or Deliverables, as applicable.

SERVICE PROVIDER PERSONNEL.

Responsibility. Service Provider shall be responsible for the acts and omissions of all Service Provider

Personnel in connection with the Agreement and for their compliance with its terms and conditions.

6.2 Resources and Training.
Service Provider shall assign an adequate number of Service Provider Personnel to perform the Services and shall ensure that all Service Provider Personnel have sufficient training and expertise in the relevant subject matter and perform the Services in accordance with the Agreement.
Service Provider shall monitor and manage the time and efforts expended by Service Provider Personnel.

6.3 Access to Citizens Facilities.
Service Provider Personnel assigned to perform Services (other than Maintenance and Support Services) at Citizens' facilities shall comply with applicable Law and Citizens policies and procedures, which shall be communicated in advance to Service Provider, such as health, safety, physical and information security procedures that are applicable to the premises, as the same may be amended from time to time.

6.4 Replacement.

(a) General. Upon Citizens' request, Service Provider shall take any action necessary, as quickly as reasonably possible (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Statement of Work or Change Control Document but not later than fifteen business days to get someone assigned from Citizens notification to Service Provider minus any delays subject to Citizens' control) to remedy any Service Provider Personnel performance deficiencies.
Upon Citizens' request, Service Provider shall remove any individual from the Citizens account and shall promptly replace such individual with an individual of suitable ability and qualifications, and Service Provider will ensure that sufficient knowledge transfer occurs to the

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 10 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

replacement Service Provider Personnel.
Any change in Service Provider Personnel may not increase any Fees charged to Citizens for Service Provider Personnel, and Service Provider shall be responsible for any delays and/or gaps in its provision of Services (other than Maintenance and Support Services) and/or Deliverables attributable to the removal and replacement of Service Provider Personnel and for reducing pricing under the applicable Statement of Work.

(b) Key Personnel.
If any Service Provider Personnel are listed on a Statement of Work as "Key Personnel", then Service Provider shall not replace such Key Personnel without Citizens' prior written consent, except in the case of voluntary resignation, termination for cause, illness, disability or death, in which case Service Provider shall ensure that such replacement occurs as promptly as possible.
Citizens shall have the right to interview and approve any Service Provider Personnel who will replace Key Personnel and may accept or reject such proposed replacement in its discretion.
If the permanent replacement Key Personnel is unable to begin such assignment within five business days or such other time as agreed upon by Citizens and Service Provider, Service Provider shall provide temporary replacement Key Personnel, reasonably acceptable to Citizens, until such time as permanent replacement Key Personnel is available.

6.5 Background Checks.
Service Provider shall conduct such screening measures and background and security checks for Service Provider Personnel as set forth in Schedule 6 (Background Checks).

6.6 Wages, Benefits and Taxes.
Service Provider shall be solely responsible for (a) payment of all wages, salaries, overtime pay and other compensation due to Service Provider Personnel, (b) payment for and the provision of all benefits and workers' compensation insurance in accordance with Service Provider's lawful practices and (c) the withholding of all employment related taxes for employees and the payment, as applicable, of such taxes and workers' compensation insurance.
No Service Provider Personnel shall be entitled to participate in, or receive any benefit or rights as an employee of any Citizens Entity under any of the Citizens employee benefit and welfare plans, including employee insurance, pension, savings and security plans, as a result of or in connection with the Agreement.

6.7 Immigration. Service Provider shall handle and process all immigration-related issues and requirements related to Service Provider Personnel.
Service Provider shall, upon Citizens' request, verify in writing (and provide reasonable supporting documentation) that all Service Provider Personnel have valid work authorizations and visas that permit them to perform the Services in the manner and location set forth in the Agreement.

6.8 Non-solicit. Either Party agrees not to, indirectly or directly, solicit, recruit, employ or otherwise retain any employee or contractor of the other party from the date hereof until 12 months after the expiration of the Statement of Work under which such individual engaged with the other Party unless otherwise agreed to in writing between the Parties.
This Section 6.8 shall not prohibit either party from employing or otherwise retaining any employee or contractor who responds to a general solicitation addressed to the public and who was not specifically solicited or recruited in violation of this section.

6.9 Use of Third Party Providers.
Service Provider must inform Citizens in writing of all Third Party Providers.
Service Provider shall not subcontract any of its obligations under the Agreement without obtaining Citizens' prior written approval of each such Third Party Provider.
Such subcontracting shall be subject to (a) such preconditions for approval as Citizens may reasonably require and (b) Service Provider's provision of such information to Citizens as Citizens may reasonably require in light of its obligations under applicable Laws regarding its duties to oversee such Subcontracting.
Notwithstanding Citizens' approval of a subcontracting arrangement, Service Provider shall remain responsible for the performance of all subcontracted obligations and Third Party Provider's compliance with the applicable terms of the Agreement, including provisions no less restrictive relating to confidentiality, data security and the ownership of Intellectual Property Rights.
Service Provider shall promptly pay for all services, materials, equipment and labor used by any Third Party Provider.
Regardless of any subcontract, Service Provider shall remain Citizens' sole point of contact under the Agreement, including as it relates to payments for work performed by a Third Party Provider.
At Citizens' reasonable request, Service Provider shall promptly remove and/or replace any Third Party Provider.

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 11 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

6.10 Third Party Provider Dependencies.
Service Provider shall inform Citizens of any dependencies upon Third Party Providers it utilizes, and when changes to the utilization of such Third Party Providers occur.

6.11 Third Party Provider Exceptions.
For the avoidance of any doubt, the restrictions set out in Sections 6.9 and 6.10, above are applicable solely in connection to Third Party Providers used by Service Provider for the rendering of Services under this Agreement and shall not be applicable in connection to Service Provider's provision of any Licensed Software or in connection to a third party hosting provider that the Service provider might use and/or embed in the Licensed Software.

7. FEES.

7.1 Fees. In consideration of the delivery of the Licensed Software, Services and Deliverables in accordance with the Agreement and any Service Order or Statement of Work, Citizens shall pay to Service Provider the Fees set forth in such Service Order or Statement of Work.
Citizens shall not be required to pay for non-conforming Services or Deliverables or for any time spent by any Service Provider Personnel training or familiarizing itself with any software or systems required to perform the Services.

7.2 Travel and Expenses.
Unless otherwise specified or approved in an advance writing by Citizens, Service Provider shall be responsible for the payment of all of its Expenses related to the provision of Services and shall not be reimbursed for such Expenses by Citizens, except that Citizens shall reimburse Service Provider for Service Provider's pre-approved (in writing) Expenses in accordance with Citizens travel and expense policies and any further conditions and requirements enumerated in the applicable Statement of Work.

7.3 Invoices & Orders.
Service Provider shall submit itemized and detailed invoices for Fees to Citizens on a regular basis and shall provide appropriate supporting documentation reasonably requested by Citizens.
Unless otherwise agreed in the applicable Service Order, Service Provider will issue an invoice for each Service Order as follows: (i) Software Fees will be invoiced annually in advance; (ii) Services (other than Maintenance and Support Services) Fees will be invoiced monthly, as incurred.
Invoices will be delivered only electronically (iii) Maintenance and Support Services will be invoiced annually in advance.
Prior to Service Provider sending an invoice to Citizens for Services and Deliverables under a Service Order or Statement of Work, unless provided otherwise in that Service Order or Statement of Work, Service Provider shall have received notice from Citizens that the Services (other than Maintenance and Support Services) and/or Deliverables met the Acceptance Criteria.
All invoices submitted to Citizens must comply with Citizens' standard billing instructions (a copy of which has been made available to Service Provider).
Unless otherwise indicated, all amounts are stated and payable in U.S. dollars.
Subject to any termination rights set out in this Agreement, expiration of the Agreement or any other remedies set out herein, all Service Orders are non-cancelable and, as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all Fees are non-refundable.
Upon termination or expiration of a Service Order or of this Agreement, any and all Fees due under the respective Service Order or under this Agreement, (i) that have already been invoiced will become due and payable within the payment terms set out in Section 7.4. days as of invoice date and (ii) Fees not already invoiced, will be invoiced by Service Provider and become due and payable within the payment terms set out in Section 7.4. days as of invoice date.

7.4 Payment Terms.
Citizens shall pay all Fees (except Disputed amounts) within 45 days of the invoice date (assuming Citizens has promptly received each invoice in question).
A "Disputed" amount is one for which Citizens has informed Service Provider describing the basis for the dispute within 60 days of the invoice date.

Taxes. Citizens shall pay to Service Provider any sales or use tax, whether federal, state or local, imposed on or arising out of Service Provider's delivery of Services.
Citizens shall not be responsible for paying any other taxes or fees of Service Provider, including Service Provider's licensing or business fees or assessments that are not specified as a sales or use tax.
Once Citizens has paid such taxes, Citizens shall have no other responsibility with respect to such sales and use taxes, and Service Provider shall be responsible for promptly paying such taxes to the appropriate taxing authority.
All Fees are exclusive of any taxes.

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 12 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

7.5 Failure to Pay.
If Citizens fails to pay within 60 (sixty) days from the invoice date, Service Provider may suspend or terminate the applicable Service Order by written notice.
Service Provider shall permit a reasonable opportunity to cure nonpayment before suspension or termination and shall promptly restore access following the remediation of nonpayment giving rise to the suspension.

7.6 Audits on Fees.
Service Provider shall, when requested by Citizens, during normal business hours, and no more frequently than annually (unless a Disputed amount makes an additional audit necessary or in the event Citizens, for purposes of regulatory compliance or similar circumstances, requires more than an annual audit), make such contract records regarding charges under this Agreement available for inspection by such person or persons as Citizens designates as its authorized representative(s), who is or are reasonably acceptable to Service Provider, and who shall have the right to take copies of or extracts from any such records kept.
If, as a result of an audit, it is determined that Service Provider has overcharged Citizens, Service Provider shall promptly pay to Citizens the amount of the overcharge plus interest thereon at a monthly rate of the lesser of 1% (one percent) per month or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law.
If the overcharge is greater than 5%, Service Provider shall also pay for Citizens' reasonable third-party costs directly related to the audit.
If, as a result of an audit, it is determined that Service Provider has undercharged Citizens, Citizens shall promptly pay to Service Provider the amount of the undercharge plus interest thereon at the prime rate per annum, as announced from time to time by Citizens, from the date of the undercharge.

7.7 Vendor Manager.
Citizens reserves the right to appoint a third party to act as its vendor manager, payment and billing agent (the "Vendor Manager").
A reasonable administrative and processing fee will be charged by the Vendor Manager to Service Provider to coordinate and manage, via a vendor management system (the "VMS System"), its relationship with Service Provider.
Refusal to execute any additional agreements relative to the appointment of the Vendor Manager and the use of a VMS System in connection with the invoicing and payment administration of Service Provider's Services and Deliverables to Citizens could result in reduced opportunity for new business with Citizens.

7.8 Reseller Transactions.
If Citizens licenses, purchases, or otherwise acquires Licensed Software or Services through a reseller rather than directly from Service Provider, then the provisions of this Section 7 shall not apply, and the fees and payment terms applicable to the Licensed Software or Services shall be as set forth in the written agreement between Citizens and the reseller.
Citizens shall have no obligation to make any direct payments to Service Provider under this Agreement when obtaining a Licensed Software or Services through a reseller.
For the avoidance of any doubt and contrary to any terms set out in the written agreement between Citizens and the reseller Service Provider and Citizens agree that Citizens' use of, access to, and rights, terms, obligations and restrictions relating to the Licensed Software or Services, and Service Provider's provision and performance of, and rights and obligations relating to, the Licensed Software or Services, shall in all cases comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement If Citizens brings any demands, claims or disputes in connection with this Agreement against Service Provider in respect of the Services, then such demands, claims or disputes shall be subject to and shall be governed by this Agreement rather than the resale agreement.

8. TERM AND TERMINATION.

8.1 Term of Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Agreement Effective Date and shall continue until terminated in accordance with its terms (the "Term").

8.2 Termination. This Agreement, a Service Order or Statement of Work or any portion of any of them may be terminated as follows:

(a) Any termination for convenience rights shall be set forth in the applicable Service Order if agreed between the Parties.

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 13 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

(b) by the non-breaching Party, in the event that the other Party fails to cure a breach within 30 days after receiving written notice thereof, or immediately by the non-breaching Party in the event a breach is not susceptible to cure; or

(c) by either Party upon 14 days prior written notice to the other Party, if there are no outstanding Service Orders or Statements of Work under which Services or Deliverables are still being provided by Service Provider to Citizens.

8.3 Termination for Insolvency.
Each party may terminate the Agreement if any one of the following events occurs: (a) the other Party files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or an involuntary petition is filed against it; (b) the other Party is adjudged bankrupt; (c) a court assumes jurisdiction of the other Party's assets under a federal reorganization act, or other statute; (d) a trustee or receiver is appointed by a court for all or a substantial portion of the assets of the other Party(e) the other Party becomes insolvent, suspends business or ceases to conduct its business in the ordinary course; or (f) the other Party makes an assignment of its assets for the benefit of its creditors.

8.4 Additional Termination Rights.
Without limiting either Party's termination rights under this Section 8, either Party may terminate the Agreement, or a Service Order or Statement of Work upon written notice, without payment of any termination fees, refunds, penalties or other amounts of any kind, except for the Fees and Expenses incurred for the Services provided and Deliverables received up to the date of termination, if either Party fails to perform its obligations under this Agreement due to a Force Majeure Event.
Without limiting Citizen's termination rights under this Section 8, either may terminate the Agreement, or a Service Order or Statement of Work upon written notice, without payment of any termination fees, refunds, penalties or other amounts of any kind, except for the Fees and Expenses incurred for the Services provided and Deliverables received up to the date of termination, if (a) any of Service Provider's senior executives or any Service Provider Personnel who perform Services is convicted of, or in receipt of, an administrative finding or has pled guilty to a crime involving fraud, dishonesty, breach of trust or criminal conduct; (b) there is a Change of Control of Service Provider; (c) a Regulatory Body or judicial body having competent jurisdiction directs Citizens to terminate the Agreement, or any Statement of Work; (d) there is a material change to applicable Law that would negatively impact the original objective or value of Citizens' receipt of the Services or Deliverables contemplated by the Agreement or any Service Order or Statement of Work; or (e) as otherwise expressly permitted under the Agreement.

8.5

(a)

(b)

(c)

Transition Assistance.

Transition Services. In connection with the termination or expiration for any reason of this Agreement or any portion hereof, for any reason, for a period of 12 months from the earlier of Citizens' request or the date of termination or expiration (the "Transition Assistance Period"), Service Provider shall assist Citizens to carry out an orderly transition and/or termination of the Services, provision of Citizens Data to Citizens or its designee (the "Transition Assistance Services") in conformity with the terms and conditions contained in the Agreement and at least the same service levels and under the same terms and conditions as Service Provider had provided prior to the Transition Assistance Period.

Compensation. Citizens shall compensate Service Provider for the Transition Assistance Services at the lesser of the rates set forth in the applicable Statement of Work or Service Order, Service Provider's then- current rates.
As part of the Transition Assistance Services, Service Provider shall deliver to Citizens at no charge a complete copy of the Citizens Data in such form and format as reasonably requested by Citizens.

Quality. The quality and level of performance of the Services during the Transition Assistance Period shall not be degraded as compared to the quality and level of performance of the Services prior to such period.

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 14 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

8.6 (a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

Effect of Termination.

General. Termination of the Agreement shall terminate all outstanding Statements of Work.
However, termination of a Statement of Work shall not terminate the Agreement unless otherwise agreed to by the parties.

Fees. Upon termination of the Agreement or any Service Order or Statement of Work, Service Provider shall promptly, but in any case, within no later than 45 days, provide an itemized and detailed invoice to Citizens for Fees and reimbursable Expenses related to the Licensed Software, Services and Deliverables completed and accepted in accordance with the Agreement prior to the effective date of termination.
Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 7.3 (Invoices), Citizens shall pay all undisputed amounts set forth on the itemized and detailed invoice within 60 days of receipt, and with respect to such undisputed amounts, in full and complete satisfaction of its obligations hereunder and any outstanding Statements of Work.

Destruction/Return of Confidential Information.
Upon termination of the Agreement, Service Provider shall immediately cease using all Citizens Confidential Information, and shall within 15 days of such termination destroy or return all such Citizens Confidential Information, at Citizens' election and in a secure manner.
In the event Citizens elects destruction of its data and information, whether in paper, electronic, or other format, Service Provider shall destroy such data and information in accordance with all applicable Laws.
Service Provider shall, upon Citizens' request, execute and deliver to Citizens a certification from any Third Party Provider that all Citizens Confidential Information has either been returned to Citizens or destroyed in accordance with the above requirements.

Additional Effects of Termination.
Upon termination of this Agreement, a Service Order or expiration of any License Term, the license and rights for the respective Licensed Software or Services will immediately terminate and Citizens must, at its expense remove and delete all copies thereof.
Citizens understands that some or all the Licensed Software components may cease to operate without prior notice upon expiration or termination of the License Term.

Survival. The terms and provisions of the Agreement that by their nature are designed to survive termination shall survive the termination of the Agreement.

8.7 Limitation on Remedies.
Service Provider understands and agrees that the Services, Deliverables, Licensed Software acquired by Citizens under this Agreement are critical to Citizens' operations and that under no circumstances may Service Provider seek to cancel or otherwise limit or terminate Citizens' right to their respective use, or limit or terminate Citizens' access to any warranty services or Maintenance and Support Services, except as otherwise set forth in this Section 8 of this Agreement.
Other than termination rights under this Section 8 or Section 7.6, Nothing contained herein shall prohibit either party from obtaining injunctive relief with respect to unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information.

9. AUDITS AND REPORTS.

9.1 REGULATORY OVERSIGHT. SUPPLIER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, IN ACCORDANCE WITH OCC 2013-29, THE PERFORMANCE OF ACTIVITIES BY EXTERNAL PARTIES FOR CITIZENS IS SUBJECT TO OCC EXAMINATION OVERSIGHT, INCLUDING ACCESS TO ALL WORK PAPERS, DRAFTS, AND OTHER MATERIALS. THE OCC TREATS AS SUBJECT TO 12 USC 1867(c) AND 12 USC 1464(d)(7), SITUATIONS IN WHICH A BANK ARRANGES, BY CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, FOR THE PERFORMANCE OF ANY APPLICABLE FUNCTIONS OF ITS OPERATIONS. THEREFORE, THE OCC GENERALLY HAS THE AUTHORITY TO EXAMINE AND TO REGULATE THE FUNCTIONS OR OPERATIONS PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES TO THE SAME EXTENT AS IF THEY WERE PERFORMED BY THE BANK ITSELF ON ITS OWN PREMISES.

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 15 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

10. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.

10.1 Intellectual Property Rights.
Citizens Data. This Agreement does not grant either Party any rights, by implication, waiver, estoppel, or otherwise, to the other Party's Intellectual Property Rights.
Service Provider, its Affiliates and their licensors own and retain all Intellectual Property Rights to the Licensed Software, including without limitation any integrations, code, patches, materials, data, know-how, background technology, workflows, or similar assistance otherwise provided to Citizens.
As between Citizens and Service Provider, Citizens retains all right, title and interest in and to Citizens Data and each Party owns and retains all Intellectual Property Rights in their respective pre-existing tools, software, databases, methodologies and documents.
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Citizens grants to Service Provider a non-exclusive license to use, copy, (solely for data backup purposes) and store Citizens Data during the Term solely for the purpose of providing the Licensed Software, Services and Deliverables to Citizens in accordance with the Agreement and for no other purpose whatsoever.
All uses in this Agreement of the words "sell" "sale" "resell", "resale," "purchase," "price," and the like mean the purchase or sale of a license under this Agreement.
Citizens acknowledges that if it provides any suggestions or feedback to Service Provider, it does so voluntarily and Service Provider will be entitled to use any suggestions or feedback, in any way and for any purpose in relation to the Licensed Software.

10.2 Licensed Software License.
Service Provider grants Citizens and its Affiliates, upon delivery of license keys and during the License Term, a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable (except as permitted under this Agreement), worldwide right to use the Licensed Software specified in the applicable Service Order, solely for their internal business purposes and in accordance with the applicable Licensing Policy and the associated Documentation.
Citizens may allow its Authorized Users and Affiliates to use the Licensed Software and access the Services solely for Citizens' internal business purposes, provided that (i) Citizens ensures its Authorized Users and Affiliates comply with the terms of this Agreement and (ii) Citizens shall be liable towards Service Provider as if their acts and omissions would have been Citizens' own.
Upon request, Citizens will provide Service Provider with details and use reports of all Authorized Users and Affiliates having received access to the Licensed Software.

10.3 Add-ons and Deliverables.

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Service Provider further grants Citizens and its Affiliates, during the License Term, the right to develop and grant additional rights as set forth in this Agreement, Add-ons by using the Licensed Software, provided that, to the extent there is any Service Provider Background Intellectual Property Rights in the Add-ons, (i) use of the Service Provider Background Intellectual Property Rights is limited to the License Term, and (ii) Citizens is not allowed to use the Service Provider Background Intellectual Property Rights and will not allow its Authorized Users or any third party to use the Service Provider Background Intellectual Property Rights for (a) benchmarking or comparison purposes, or (b) to acquire any technical specifications or gain a competitive technological or business advantage, or (c) to analyze the Licensed Software and the Service Provider Background Intellectual Property Rights, for the purpose of designing, modifying, creating a derivative work or creating any software program that performs functions similar to the functions performed by the Service Provider Background Intellectual Property Rights used in conjunction with the Add-ons.

(b) Independent Development and Residuals.
Parties agree that nothing in this Agreement will limit or restrict Service Provider's right to use any general information, ideas, concepts, know- how, processes, techniques, programming routines and subroutines, methodologies, processes, skills, or expertise which are retained in the unaided memory of Service Provider's Authorized Users.
Nothing in this Agreement will be construed as a representation or inference that each Party will not develop or acquire products, for itself or others, that compete with the products, systems, or methods contemplated by the other Party's Confidential Information, provided that the Party has not done so in breach of this Agreement.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Service Provider further (i) grants Citizens and its Affiliates, ownership over the Add-ons and Deliverables and (ii) assigns Citizens

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 16 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

any and all Intellectual Property Rights over the Add-ons and Deliverables, as of Citizens' receipt of the Deliverables, subject to such Deliverables being used only in conjunction with or in relation to the Licensed Software.
To the extent there is any Service Provider Background Intellectual Property Rights in the Add-ons or the Deliverables, the rights granted herein are subject to the following conditions (i) use of the Service Provider Background Intellectual Property Rights is limited to the License Term, and (ii) Citizens is not allowed to use the Service Provider Background Intellectual Property Rights and will not allow its Authorized Users or any third party to use the Service Provider Background Intellectual Property Rights for (a) benchmarking or comparison purposes, or (b) to acquire any technical specifications or gain a competitive technological or business advantage, or (c) to analyze the Licensed Software and the Service Provider Background Intellectual Property Rights, for the purpose of designing, modifying, creating a derivative work or creating any software program that performs functions similar to the functions performed by the Service Provider Background Intellectual Property Rights used in conjunction with the Add-ons.

10.4 Analyses Information.
Service Provider and its Affiliates may process data, technical information, usage and telemetry ("Analyses Information") from the Licensed Software, to perform its obligations under this Agreement, including providing access to, maintaining, and offering support for the Licensed Software, to provide bug fixes, systems diagnostics, error and performance monitoring, to make updates and improvements, to develop new features and offerings, and to identify industry trends and developments, including creating indices and anonymous benchmarking, provided that Service Provider will treat the Analyses Information as Citizens Confidential Information, and Service Provider will employ industry standards to ensure compliance with the foregoing requirement, including but not limited to anonymization, segregation, aggregation, encryption, de-identification of data, or raw data deletion.

10.5 Service Provider Background Technology.
To the extent that any Service Provider Background Intellectual Property Rights are embedded in any Deliverables covered by Section 10.1, Service Provider hereby grants (or shall cause such Service Provider Affiliate to grant) to Citizens and the Citizens Affiliates a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, fully paid-up license, with the right to grant sublicenses, to use, execute, reproduce, display, perform, modify, enhance, distribute and create derivative works of such Service Provider Background Intellectual Property Rights, as and to the extent necessary for Citizens or its designee to achieve the full benefit of its ownership rights in the Deliverables.

11. DATA AND CYBER SECURITY AND PRIVACY.

11.1 General. Service Provider shall ensure that no access to any Citizens Confidential Information can be gained by any person other than authorized Service Provider Personnel with access rights appropriate to such information in question and that no Citizens Confidential Information can be altered except by authorized Service Provider Personnel with authority to make such an alteration.

11.2 Standards. Citizens acknowledges that use of the Licensed Software or Services does not require any Personal Data.
Citizens must not use protected health information, as regulated by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) ("PHI"), and cardholder data ("CHD") and sensitive authentication data ("SAD"), as defined by Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard in connection to cloud Licensed Software, unless use of PHI is allowed by Service Provider in the appropriate legal documentation.
Service Provider and Service Provider Personnel shall comply with data security and privacy standards at least as rigorous as those standards, protocols, requirements and guidelines set forth in Schedule 7 (Data, CyberSecurity, and Privacy Requirements) hereto.

12. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

12.1 Treatment of Confidential Information Generally.
Each Party that receives Confidential Information (the "Recipient") of the other Party (the "Discloser") shall maintain as confidential and not disclose such Confidential Information, and shall not copy or use it for purposes other than the performance of this Agreement.
Recipient

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 17 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

may use such Confidential Information for the sole purpose of performing its obligations under this Agreement.
Each Party agrees that Confidential Information, individually or in the aggregate, shall not be given, bartered, sold, traded, transferred, transmitted or exchanged in any way to any third party for any use other than for the purpose of performing its obligations herein.
Recipient shall protect Confidential Information with at least the same degree of care it uses to protect its own Confidential Information, but in no event with less than a commercially reasonable degree of care, and shall prevent any loss, unauthorized or inadvertent use, loss, disclosure or publication of Confidential Information.
Recipient may share Confidential Information with (a) in respect of Citizens Entities, its, employees, contractors, consultants, agents, representatives, attorneys, accountants and other advisors and (b) in respect of Service Provider, Service Provider Personnel who have, (i) a right to use or need to know such information in connection with the Agreement, (ii) been informed of the confidentiality obligations hereunder and (iii) agreed with Service Provider in writing to keep information confidential upon terms substantially similar to those contained in this Agreement.
As between Service Provider and Citizens, Citizens Confidential Information shall at all times belong solely and exclusively to Citizens, and Service Provider Confidential Information shall belong solely and exclusively to Service Provider.
Recipient will ensure compliance by Recipient employees, contractors, consultants, agents, representatives, attorneys, accountants and other advisors with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and will be responsible for any breach of such terms and conditions by any Recipient employees, contractors, consultants, agents, representatives, attorneys, accountants and other advisors.

12.2 Exceptions. Subject to applicable Law, for the purposes of the Agreement, Confidential Information of Discloser shall not include any information that: (a) was known by or in possession of Recipient without restriction and through no wrongful act or omission of Recipient prior to its receipt from Discloser; (b) is publicly available through no fault of Recipient; (c) is rightfully received by Recipient from a third party without a duty of confidentiality; or (d) is independently developed by Recipient without any use of Discloser's Confidential Information, as demonstrated by Recipient's written records kept in the ordinary course of its business.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, Service Provider covenants not to disclose or cause or allow the disclosure of any Citizens Confidential Information.

12.3 Mandatory Disclosure.
A Party may disclose Confidential Information when compelled to do so by Law if it provides reasonable prior notice to the other Party, unless a court or regulatory authority orders that the other Party not be given notice.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Recipient and its employees, agents, consultants, advisors or other representatives ("Representatives") may disclose Confidential Information with written notice to the extent legally permissible, to any governmental agency, regulatory authority or self-regulatory authority (including, without limitation, bank and securities examiners) having authority to regulate or oversee any aspect of Recipient's business or that of its Representatives in connection with the exercise of such authority.
In such event, Recipient shall notify, to the extent not prohibited by Law, Discloser in writing of such requirement to disclose and shall cooperate with Discloser's, at the Discloser's cost and expense, reasonable, lawful efforts to resist, limit or delay disclosure, in each case except to the extent that the circumstances of such compelled disclosure make such notice and/or cooperation impossible.
In addition, nothing herein shall prevent Recipient from disclosing any of Discloser's Confidential Information if, and to the extent, such disclosure was specifically approved by the Discloser, in writing, prior to such disclosure by the Recipient.
If Recipient is required to disclose Discloser's Confidential Information under this Section 12.3, such information shall nevertheless continue to be deemed Confidential Information fully subject to all of the confidentiality obligations contained herein.

12.4 Equitable Relief.
Each Party acknowledges that any breach by a Party that could be subject to equitable claims, including a failure by a Party to perform its obligations under this Section 12, may result in damage to the other Party, and such Party is entitled to seek specific performance or an injunction (without posting a bond) to enforce its rights in accordance with the terms of this Agreement because monetary damages may not be sufficient relief.

12.5 Service Provider's Confidential Disclosure of Citizens' Trade Secrets.
Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement applicable to the unauthorized use or disclosure of Citizens trade secrets, If applicable, Service

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 18 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

Provider Personnel may be entitled to immunity from prosecution or civil liability for the confidential disclosure of a trade secret (as defined in 18 U.S.C. §1839), as set forth in that certain Notice Regarding Confidential Disclosures of Citizens Trade Secrets provided and/or made available by Citizens to Service Provider, to the extent required by 18 U.S.C. §1833.

13. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS. Service Provider represents, warrants and covenants as follows:

13.1 Licensed Software and Documentation.
Service Provider warrants that, during the License Term, the Licensed Software will substantially conform to the Documentation, provided that the Licensed Software is used in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Documentation, and applicable law.
If Citizens is enjoined from continued use of the Licensed Software and Documentation due to Service Provider's breach of this warranty, then Service Provider shall (at its expense and option): (i) obtain the license or right for Citizens to continue to use the Licensed Software and Documentation or (ii) modify, repair or replace the Licensed Software and Documentation to eliminate the non-conformity.
If options (i) and (ii) are not feasible, Citizens may terminate the Agreement, and Service Provider shall provide a refund of the associated prepaid and unused Fees.

13.2 Performance and Conformity of Services.
Service Provider shall perform the Services in a professional, workmanlike and competent manner, in accordance and conformity with the Agreement and the best practices and generally accepted standards applicable to services provided by nationally recognized firms specializing in the Services that Service Provider is rendering under the Agreement.
All Services shall be prepared, completed and performed by trained, experienced and qualified personnel.

13.3 Acceptable Use Policy.
Citizens represents that it will use the Licensed Software in accordance with this Agreement.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing and to the greatest extent permitted by the applicable law, Citizens agrees to the following:

a. unless expressly allowed by Service Provider in writing, Citizens will not mix production purpose Software with non-production purpose Software (i.e. production purpose Software and non-production purpose Software are described in the Service Provider Licensing Policy and the relevant ordering document);

b. Citizens will not circumvent any technological protection measures and will not circumvent any technological protection measures to: (i) control access to the Licensed Software, and (ii) exceed the number of allocated Software licenses;

c. unless otherwise instructed by Service Provider, Citizens may make copies of the Licensed Software and associated licenses solely as needed for disaster recovery purposes and to be used in case of force majeure.
Service Provider may request proof of the force majeure;

d. Citizens will not use, and will not encourage others to use, the Licensed Software or Services (i) to inspect or analyze the Licensed Software or the outputs for benchmarking or comparison purposes, (ii) for the purpose of designing, modifying, creating a derivative work or creating any program that performs functions similar to the functions performed by the Licensed Software, (iii) to acquire any technical specifications and gain a competitive technological or business advantage, (iv) to misappropriate or infringe any rights (v) to access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of, any systems of Service Provider, its Affiliates or their Authorized Users, and (vi) to perform any type of security testing, including penetration testing on the Licensed Software without express permission from Service Provider;

e. Citizens will not disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer the Licensed Software or any portion of it; Citizens will not alter, adapt, merge, modify, translate, decompile, develop versions or derivative works, reverse engineer, upgrade, improve or extend, features or functionalities of the Licensed Software or Services or otherwise derive source code therefrom or otherwise reduce them to human readable form, except to the extent expressly permitted under applicable law and if it is essential to do so for the purpose of achieving

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 19 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

interoperability of the Licensed Software or Services with another software program, and provided that, Citizens has first requested Service Provider to provide the information necessary to achieve such interoperability with at least 90 (ninety) days advance written notice and Service Provider has not made such information available.

f. Citizens must not remove, alter, modify or appropriate or use as their own, any proprietary markings included therein.

g. Citizens will obtain and maintain all authorizations and consents required to use Personal Data as contemplated in this Agreement.

h. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Citizens must not resell, sublicense, transfer, rent, lease, lend or otherwise distribute the rights acquired under this Agreement, except as otherwise stipulated herein below.

13.4 Third-Party Services.
Citizens may use the Licensed Software in conjunction with Third-Party Services, subject to complying with all terms and conditions enforced by third-party providers thereof, bearing the entire risk of such use.
Citizens is responsible for determining which Third Party Services are accessed and connected to by Citizens while using the Licensed Software, and for the use of such Third-Party Services.
Service Provider does not control or own any Third-Party Services, and the access to and use of such Third-Party Services, including the availability and uptimes related to such Third-Party Services, is solely determined by the relevant third parties that control the Third-Party Services.
Service Provider will not be liable for any downtime, discontinuation, or any other issues with, or caused by, the Third-Party Services that are outside Service Provider's reasonable control.

13.5 Code of Conduct.
Service Provider maintains on the Trust Portal a global partner code of conduct which defines the minimum standards of business conduct and business standards applicable to all entities contracting with Service Provider ("Code of Conduct").
Service Provider commits to comply with such Code of Conduct and requires Citizens to have similar policies.
If Citizens learns of any violation of the standards prescribed by the Code of Conduct in connection with this Agreement, Citizens will promptly notify Service Provider in writing and will cooperate with Service Provider's review or investigation related to any actual or potential violation of such standards.

13.6 Export Control.
The Parties acknowledge that the Licensed Software and Services may be subject to export control and sanctions laws and agree to comply the applicable export control and sanctions laws that apply them as a provider and a recipient of the Services.

13.7 Authority and Rights.
Each Party is and shall continue to be fully authorized to be (a) either the owner of, or authorized to use and provide, all information and material provided to the other Party in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the Services and any related Documentation and (b) fully authorized and able to, without any impairment, grant the other Party all rights and licenses granted under the Agreement.
As of the Effective Date of this Agreement, there is no litigation, proceeding or arbitration, and, to the best of each Party's knowledge, there is no other claim, investigation or material controversy pending to which each Party or its agents or representatives is a party, relating to the provision of the Services, or which would have a material adverse effect on the Party or any Affiliate of the Party's ability to enter into this Agreement and perform the obligations hereunder and, to the best of each Party knowledge, no such claim, litigation, proceeding, arbitration, investigation or material controversy has been threatened or is contemplated.

13.8 Disabling Code.
With respect to Citizens networks and the Services, Licensed Software and Deliverables, Service Provider shall not insert and shall prevent, and shall perform such testing as may be necessary to ensure the prevention of, the introduction of any disabling code, viruses, worms or so called "Trojan Horses" or logic bombs, or any back door, trap door or other access means or portal which would enable an entity or device to access the Citizens' network or any of its connected programs, data, systems or communications devices.

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 20 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

13.9 Open Source License.
If applicable, to the extent that the Services (i) contain, incorporate, link or call to or otherwise use any software (in source or object code form) licensed under or otherwise covered by a license commonly referred to as an open source, free software, copyleft or community source code license including but not limited to any software, code or library licensed under the GNU General Public License ("Open Source License"), GNU Lesser General Public License or any other restrictive license arrangement; and/or (ii) are subject to any obligation imposed under any Open Source License, Service Provider shall provide to Citizens such information as Citizens may from time to time request in order to permit Citizens to review and assess the security, integrity, compatibility, functionality and/or features of such Services and any Open Source Licenses associated therewith.

13.10 Operation of Software.
The operation of Software, including their respective features, functions, and any Improvement, shall neither degrade their performance or the performance of any other Service, nor cause or result in a breach of any of the warranties, and shall not require Citizens to acquire any additional software, hardware, or services unless otherwise described in the Documentation.

13.11 Compliance with Laws.
Each Party shall comply with all applicable Laws in providing the Services and performing its obligations under the Agreement, including, without limitation: (a) all applicable requirements regarding the privacy and handling of Confidential Information (including Personal Information), and all applicable federal and state data privacy and security Laws such as the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act ("GLBA"), the Federal "Privacy of Consumer Financial Information" Regulation (12 CFR Part 30), as amended from time to time, issued pursuant to Section 504 of GLBA and the Health and Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. §1320d), the Massachusetts Data Protection Act (201 CMR 17), and all applicable foreign data protection and security laws, treaties and or regulations, including, without limitation, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation of 2016 ("GDPR"), (b) all applicable provisions of the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act (including, if applicable, the Identity Theft Red Flag Rule that may require Service Provider to have a written Identity Theft Prevention Program to identify, detect and respond to "red flags" signaling possible theft of Citizens customers' identities); (c) all applicable federal, state and local fair lending, fair housing UDAP and UDAAP statutes and all other applicable Laws related to fair lending and consumer protection, including, without limitation, Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, 15 U.S.C. § 45(a)(1), 12 C.F.R. Part 37, 12 C.F.R. Part 226, all applicable state escheatment Laws and other applicable Laws regarding complaint handing, (collectively, the "CP Laws"); (d) regulations of the Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the Bank Secrecy Act and the USA Patriot Act (including such regulations that may require a Party to implement a "Customer Identification Program" or "Know Your Customer Program" to confirm that no beneficiary or client of a party appears on any lists issued by OFAC, including the Specially Designated Nationals list, and determine whether transactions by or with such beneficiary or client may constitute suspicious activity, such as identity theft fraud, money laundering, terrorist financing or other threats to national security); (e) all of the Level AA requirements of the World Wide Web Consortium's Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 and any other Laws regarding usability and/or accessibility (the "ADA Laws") that are applicable to the Services as further set forth on Schedule 8-1 (ADA Compliance); (f) all applicable anti-corruption Laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; (g) all equal opportunity, anti-discrimination and wage and hour Laws (and, to the extent applicable, the equal employment opportunity and affirmative action requirements set forth in 41 C.F.R. Part 60-1.4(a) (women and minorities), 41 C.F.R. Part 60-250.5(a) and Part 60-300.5(a) (covered veterans), and 41 C.F.R. Part 60-741.5(a) (individuals with disabilities), and the employee notice requirements set forth in 29 C.F.R. Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A, are hereby incorporated by reference herein), as further set forth in Schedule 8-2 (Service Provider Diversity);

13.12 Policies and Procedures.
Service Provider shall maintain policies and procedures sufficient to ensure compliance with all applicable Laws and shall provide adequate training on such laws and related policies and procedures to all of its employees, agents and Service Provider Personnel engaged in the performance of the Services.
Service Provider shall further ensure that Citizens' can effectively exercise its rights to monitor Service Provider's (and any permitted Third Party Provider's performance) and to conduct periodic reviews, including reviews of such Service Provider policies and procedures related to such Laws, so as to verify the Service Provider's (and any permitted Third Party Provider's) compliance with Citizens' policies and expectations

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 21 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

related to such applicable Laws and to require that Service Provider remediate any related compliance failures to Citizens' reasonable satisfaction in accordance with this Agreement and as otherwise required by Law.

13.13 WARRANTY EXCLUSIONS. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE TECHNOLOGY IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS-IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY THE APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER UIPATH, NOR ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS OR THEIR PERSONNEL, MAKE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND (EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE) AND UIPATH SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON- INFRINGEMENT OR ABILITY OF THE TECHNOLOGY TO INTEGRATE OR INTEROPERATE WITH OTHER SOFTWARE OR SERVICES OR PERFORM UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.

13.14 Additional Citizens Rights.
Citizens shall have the right to suspend and/or terminate this Agreement for material breach immediately, or at such other time specified by Citizens, upon written notice to Service Provider if: (a) Service Provider, or any person employed by it or acting on its behalf (irrespective of Service Provider's knowledge) fails to comply with any Laws or Citizens' related policies and procedures; or (b) Citizens has a reasonable suspicion that an occurrence as specified in clause (a) has occurred; provided, however, that such material breach has continued uncured for a period of 30 days following Citizens' written notice to Service Provider indicating the nature of the failure or breach.
Regardless of any other provision in this Agreement, Citizens shall not be obliged to do, nor obliged to omit to do, any act which would, in its reasonable opinion, put it in breach of any Laws.

14. INDEMNIFICATION.

14.1 Service Provider's Indemnification Obligations.
Service Provider shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless each of the Citizens Indemnitees from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, suits, fees, judgments, costs and expenses arising, alleged, or asserted anywhere in the world made against Citizens by a third-party non-affiliated with Citizens (collectively, "Claims"), including reasonable costs and attorneys' fees incurred in responding to such Claims, costs associated with enforcing any right to indemnification hereunder and any costs of pursuing any insurance providers, that a Citizens Indemnitee may suffer or incur arising out of or in connection with: (a) Service Provider's or Service Provider Personnel's gross negligence or willful misconduct; (b) any claim that the Services, Licensed Software or any Deliverable infringes or otherwise violates any patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark, or other third party Intellectual Property Right of any person or entity, or a Citizens Entity's infringement or violation of any such rights to the extent caused by such infringement or violation by Service Provider or Service Provider Personnel; (c) any personal injury (including death) or damage to property resulting from Service Provider's or Service Provider Personnel's acts or omissions; (d) any claims or liabilities for wages, paid leave, compensation, taxes, insurance or benefits allegedly owed to a on behalf of Service Provider Personnel who provide services to Citizens or any Citizens Entity under the Agreement, and any claim or audit investigating and/or alleging, in whole or in part, the validity of Section 15 (Limitation of Liability) of this Agreement or that is reliant upon the theory that Citizens is a joint or multi- employer with Service Provider; (e) any uncured material breach by Service Provider or any Service Provider Personnel of Section 11 (Data and Cyber Security and Privacy) or Section 12 (Confidential Information) hereof, or (f) any uncured material breach by Service Provider or any Service Provider Personnel to comply with applicable Law.

14.2 Infringement Exceptions and Remedies.
Service Provider shall have no obligation or liability if a Claim for infringement arises from (a) any change, modification, or addition to the Services, Licensed Software and/or Deliverable not performed, directed, authorized, or otherwise supported by Service Provider, to the extent such infringement would not have occurred but for such change, modification or addition, (b) the unauthorized combination of the Services, Licensed Software and/or Deliverable with any third party software not authorized or otherwise supported by Service Provider, to the extent such infringement would not have occurred but for such combination, or (c) use of the Services, Licensed Software and/or Deliverable that is not in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, to the extent such infringement would not have occurred but for such misuse.
If

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 22 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

Citizens is enjoined from continued use of any infringing materials or technology, then Service Provider shall (at its expense and option): (i) obtain the license or right for Citizens to continue to use the materials or technology or (ii) modify the materials or technology to eliminate the infringement.
If options (i) and (ii) are not feasible, Citizens may terminate the Agreement, and Service Provider shall provide a refund of the associated prepaid and unused Fees.

14.3 Indemnification Procedure.

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

15.

Notice. If a Citizens Indemnitee seeks indemnification under this Section 14, it shall provide notice to Service Provider of the Claim as promptly as practicable; provided, however, that the failure to provide such notice shall not relieve Service Provider of its obligations under this Section, except and only to the extent that Service Provider is materially prejudiced thereby.

Control of Defense.
The Citizens Indemnitee must allow Service Provider to control the defense and settlement of the Claim, provided that, a Citizens Indemnitee shall have the right to defend any Claim brought by a Regulatory Body, and such Citizens Indemnitee must, subject to Section 14.3(d) below, reasonably cooperate at Service Provider's expense with Service Provider in connection with such defense, settlement, and litigation; provided, however, that if Service Provider does not assume full control over the defense of a Claim as provided in this Section, Citizens shall have the right to defend the Claim in such manner as it may deem appropriate, at the reasonable cost and expense of Service Provider.

Right to Participate.
Citizens may also, at its own cost, participate, through its attorneys or otherwise, in such investigation, trial and defense of such Claim and any appeal arising therefrom.

Judgment and Settlement.
Service Provider shall not consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement with respect to a Claim without Citizens' prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) unless: (i) the judgment or proposed settlement involves only the payment of monetary damages by Service Provider, and does not impose injunctive or other equitable relief upon or otherwise adversely affect Citizens; (ii) there are no additional Claims that are reasonably likely to be made against Citizens, and no adverse impact on existing Claims, as a result of the judgment or proposed settlement; and (iii) Citizens shall have no liability with respect to such judgment or proposed settlement and shall not otherwise be adversely effected by the terms of such settlement.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

15.1 INDIRECT DAMAGES. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT LIABILITY ARISES FROM: (A) SERVICE PROVIDER'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTIONS 14.1(A), 14.1(B), 14.1(C) AND 14.1(D) OR (B) INSTANCES OF EITHER PARTY'S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN NEGLIGENCE, CONTRACT OR TORT OR BASED ON A WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE) FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, OR LOSS OR INACCURACY OF DATA, OR ANY EXEMPLARY, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCURRED BY THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY THIRD PARTY, EVEN IF THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

DIRECT DAMAGES. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT LIABILITY ARISES FROM: (A) SERVICE PROVIDER'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTIONS 14.1(A), 14.1(B), 14.1(C) AND 14.1(D) (B) A BREACH BY EITHER PARTY OF ITS CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING ANY BREACH OF SCHEDULE 7 ("DATA, CYBERSECURITY, AND PRIVACY REQUIREMENTS") INCLUDING ANY RESULTING SECURITY BREACH (AS APPLICABLE TO SUPPLIER'S NETWORK) AND INCLUDING ANY AND ALL COSTS RELATED TO BREACH NOTIFICATION, INVESTIGATION AND/OR MITIGATION); OR (C) INSTANCES OF EITHER PARTY'S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, EACH

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 23 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

PARTY'S LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN NEGLIGENCE, CONTRACT OR TORT OR BASED ON A WARRANTY, SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED THE FEES PAID AND PAYABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE 36 MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE LAST ACT OR OMISSION GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY (OR, IN THE EVENT LESS THAN 36 MONTHS HAVE ELAPSED SINCE THE EFFECTIVE DATE, THEN 36 TIMES THE AVERAGE MONTHLY FEES PAID TO SERVICE PROVIDER DURING SUCH SHORTER PERIOD) (HEREINAFTER THE "GENERAL LIABILITY CAP").
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF EACH PARTY FOR ALL CLAIMS (INDIVIDUALLY AND TOGETHER) UNDER OR RELATING TO DAMAGES RESULTING FROM A BREACH BY EITHER PARTY OF ITS CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING ANY BREACH OF SCHEDULE 7 ("DATA, CYBERSECURITY, AND PRIVACY REQUIREMENTS") INCLUDING ANY RESULTING SECURITY BREACH (AS APPLICABLE TO SUPPLIER'S NETWORK) AND INCLUDING ANY AND ALL COSTS RELATED TO BREACH NOTIFICATION, INVESTIGATION AND/OR MITIGATION); WILL NOT EXCEED TWO TIMES (2X) OF THE GENERAL LIABILITY CAP.15.3 THE FOLLOWING SHALL NOT BE CONSIDERED DAMAGES SUBJECT TO, AND SHALL NOT BE COUNTED TOWARD THE LIABILITY CAP SPECIFIED IN, SECTION 15.2: (I) AMOUNTS WITHHELD BY CITIZENS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT DUE EITHER TO INCORRECT CHARGES BY SERVICE PROVIDER FOR NON-CONFORMING SERVICES, DELIVERABLES AND/OR EQUIPMENT; (II) AMOUNTS PAID BY CITIZENS BUT SUBSEQUENTLY RECOVERED FROM SERVICE PROVIDER DUE EITHER TO INCORRECT CHARGES BY SERVICE PROVIDER FOR NON-CONFORMING SERVICES OR DELIVERABLES; OR (III) INVOICED CHARGES AND OTHER AMOUNTS THAT ARE DUE AND OWING TO SERVICE PROVIDER FOR SERVICES OR DELIVERABLES.

16. INSURANCE.

SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL COMPLY WITH ALL OF THE INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS SET FORTH ON SCHEDULE 9.
NOTHING IN THE AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, SHALL BE CONSTRUED TO RELIEVE ANY INSURER OF ITS OBLIGATION TO PAY CLAIMS CONSISTENT WITH THE PROVISIONS OF A VALID INSURANCE POLICY. IN ADDITION, SERVICE PROVIDER'S COMPLIANCE WITH THE INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE 9 SHALL IN NO WAY AND TO NO EXTENT RELIEVE SERVICE PROVIDER OF ANY LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

17. DISASTER RECOVERY AND BUSINESS CONTINUITY

17.1 Disaster Recovery Plan.
Service Provider shall maintain a business continuity and disaster recovery plan (a "BCDR Plan") that describes measures it will implement to recover from any unplanned impairment or disruption of those systems, resources or processes that enable delivery of the Services in accordance with this Agreement (a "Disruption").
Service Provider shall provide Citizens with a written summary of its BCDR Plan.
The BCDR Plan shall include a plan for the establishment of alternative communications in the event of a Disruption.
Service Provider will notify Citizens as soon as possible after the occurrence of a Disruption and will comply with the BCDR Plan.
Service Provider shall not make any changes to the BCDR Plan that may degrade or lessen the protections and procedures of the BCDR Plan.

17.2 Required Components of Plan.

(a) Recovery Strategies.
Without limitation, Service Provider's BCDR Plan shall address recovery strategies for both short-term or long-term business Disruptions caused by events such as (but in no way limited to) power outages, communication or data processing systems failure(s) or losses, hazards or destruction at a Service Provider facility, government actions that restrict work or travel, work stoppages, natural disasters, adverse weather conditions, health issues, or other unplanned events, any of which may include a loss of facilities, Service Provider Personnel, data, technology or third party suppliers.
Any

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 24 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

business Disruption, which could be mitigated by a BCDR plan, is not exempted from this section by the provisions of Force Majeure.

(b) Additional Requirements.
The BCDR Plan shall include, but not be limited to: a recovery strategy supported in diverse geographic locations; documented risk analysis, business impact analysis, and recovery strategies covering all areas of operation necessary to deliver the Services pursuant to this Agreement; vital records protection and testing plans; and identification of alternative service providers that would support Service Provider's systems in given markets.

17.3 Notice of Invocation of Plan.
Service Provider shall promptly notify Citizens if Service Provider invokes its BCDR Plan with respect to a Disruption relevant to any portion of the Services and shall coordinate with Citizens and provide Citizens.
The BCDR Plan shall include a plan for the establishment of alternative communications in the event of a Disruption.

17.4 Recovery Timeframes.
Following the declaration of a Disruption, Service Provider shall be able to (a) resume providing the applicable Service from a technology perspective (that is, the technologies that perform the applicable Service resume performance) as well as from a background support perspective (for example, the back office services which support technical support, accounting and sales functions resume performance) within a commercially reasonable timeframe.

17.5 Testing. Service Provider shall conduct no less than one test ("Test") of all aspects of its BCDR Plan each calendar year.

18. DIVESTITURES AND ACQUISITIONS.

18.1 Transition Services.
From time to time, Citizens and/or its Affiliates may divest business units of Citizens Affiliates that are receiving the Services.
In such case, Service Provider shall provide the transition support services described in this Section 18 to Citizens, the divested business unit or Affiliate, or the entity acquiring the divested business unit or Affiliate, as applicable, at Citizens' expense and at the rate(s) agreed to by the Parties in writing.

18.2 Initial Transition Period.
Within 90 days after consummation of the applicable divestiture transaction, Citizens, the divested business unit or Affiliate, or the entity acquiring the divested business unit or Affiliate, shall elect either (a) that it continue to obtain some or all of the Services subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement for the shorter of (i) the remainder of the term of the applicable Statement(s) of Work, or (ii) one year, or (b) that the term of the applicable Statement(s) of Work shall be terminated as to such divested business unit or Affiliate with respect to some or all of the Services as of a specified date.
For the avoidance of any doubt, upon termination, no refund will be provided for the remaining duration of the contract unless as otherwise specified in the applicable SOW.

18.3 New Agreement.
If an election is made to continue obtaining certain Services as set forth in Section 18.2(a) above, then such applicable entity recipient shall be required to agree in writing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and such applicable recipient shall become fully responsible for complying with its obligations (including payment obligations) under this Agreement.
If an election is made to continue obtaining Services as set forth in Section 18.2(a) above by Citizens (that is, if Citizens is required or deems it appropriate to act as an intermediary between the Service Provider and such divested business unit, Affiliate or acquiring entity), then Citizens shall remain the primary obligor under the Agreement.

18.4 Acquisitions. In the event that Citizens directly or indirectly acquires a third party (an "Acquired Entity") that is receiving services or deliverables from Service Provider which are substantially similar to the Services and Deliverables provided hereunder as of the date of acquisition, and the fees for such services or deliverables are being provided to the Acquired Entity at a rate less than those fees set forth in a Service Order or Statement of Work under this Agreement, then the Parties shall agree to negotiate the applicable fees in good

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 25 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

faith and continue to provide Services and Deliverables to the Acquired Entity at such lower fees for the remainder of the term of the agreement between Service Provider and the Acquired Entity.

19. GENERAL.

19.1 Governing Law.
This Agreement is deemed to be made under and shall be interpreted in accordance with the Laws of the State of New York, excluding any principles of conflict of laws, which may require or permit the application of Laws of any other jurisdiction.

19.2 Venue; Jury Waiver.
The Parties hereby submit to the jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts in New York, New York, for purposes of all legal proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement.
The Parties hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, any objection, which they may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.
THE PARTIES UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL FOR ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, THIS AGREEMENT AND/OR ANY RELATED DEALINGS.

19.3 Third-Party Beneficiaries.
Except with respect to Citizens Indemnitees, who shall constitute third-party beneficiaries hereunder, the Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Parties and their respective permitted successors and assignees.

19.4 No Publicity.
Unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, without the prior written consent of Citizens, Service Provider shall not in any manner disclose, advertise or publish the fact that Service Provider has furnished or contracted to furnish to Citizens the Services or any of the obligations described in the Agreement.
Except with the prior written consent of Citizens, Service Provider shall not publish or use the name, logos, trade name or trademarks of Citizens or any Citizens Affiliate in any manner in any of its advertising or marketing literature, customer lists, web sites, press releases or any other document or communication (in electronic or paper form).

19.5 Entire Agreement.
This Agreement, together with all of its Schedules, Service Orders and Statements of Work, constitutes the entire agreement between Service Provider and Citizens relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other prior or contemporaneous oral and written agreements and understandings.

19.6 Amendments. Any modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement must be made in writing and signed by authorized representatives of Service Provider and Citizens.

19.7 Assignment. Neither Party shall assign or transfer (by operation of Law or otherwise) the Agreement or any of its obligations hereunder without the other Party's express, prior written consent, which consent shall not be withheld unreasonably.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Citizens may, without Service Provider's consent, assign or transfer the Agreement to an Affiliate or in connection with a merger, sale of substantially all of its stock or assets, or like corporate transaction.
Citizens shall notify Service Provider of such assignment within sixty (60) days unless the terms of this Agreement require disclosure sooner.
Any assignment or transfer made without the required consent or compliance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 19.7 shall be void and of no effect.
Subject to the foregoing, the provisions of the Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and permitted assigns of each Party.

19.8 Independent Contractors.
This Agreement shall not be construed as creating, an agency, joint venture, partnership or similar relationship between the Parties.
Service Provider shall act solely as an independent contractor of Citizens and neither Citizens nor Service Provider shall have the right to act for or bind the other Party in any way or to represent that the other Party is in any way responsible for any acts or omissions of such Party.

19.9 Severability. In the event any provision of the Agreement, in whole or in part, is invalid, unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable Laws of any jurisdiction, such provision shall be replaced, to the extent possible,

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 26 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

with a provision which accomplishes the original business purposes of the provision in a valid and enforceable manner, and the remainder of the Agreement shall remain unaffected and in full force.

19.10 No Waivers.
Failure of any Party or beneficiary at any time to enforce any of the provisions of the Agreement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such or any other provision hereof.

19.11 Negotiated Terms.
The Parties negotiated the Agreement in good faith and at arm's length.
Any ambiguities in the language of the Agreement are not to be construed or resolved against either Party based on the fact that such Party was principally responsible for drafting the Agreement.

19.12 Notices.

(a)

(b)

(c)

All notices under the Agreement shall be in writing, properly addressed and: (i) mailed by first-class or express mail, postage prepaid; (ii) sent by reputable overnight delivery service; or (iii) personally delivered to the receiving Party.
Each notice shall be deemed given upon receipt of such notice by the other Party.
All notices shall be sent to the Parties at the addresses as follows or to such other address as shall be provided in accordance with this Section:

To Service Provider: UiPath, Inc.
452 5th Avenue, 22nd Floor, New York, NY 10018 Attention: Legal Department contractnotice@uipath.com

To Citizens:

One Citizens Bank Way Building C, Floor 1 Johnston, Rhode Island 02919 Mail Code: JCC 120 / Legal Dept.
Attention: Senior Counsel

In addition to the requirements set forth in Section 19.12(a) above, in the event Service Provider provides notice to Citizens pursuant to the terms contained in Schedule 7 (Data and CyberSecurity Requirements and Privacy Requirements) attached hereto, it shall provide additional notice to Citizens' Cyber Defense Operations Center, by electronic mail to cdoc@citizensbank.com, which is monitored by Citizens 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year, or such alternative schedule as Citizens may from time- to-time implement.

In addition to the requirements set forth in Sections 19.12(a) and (b) above and without relieving Service Provider of its obligations to provide any other notices as set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, Service shall provide prompt written notice to Citizens in the event it becomes aware of any of the occurrences referenced in Section 8.5 (Transition Assistance) above.

19.13 Force Majeure.
Except for any payment obligations of Citizens under this Agreement in relation to the Licensed Software neither Party shall be liable for any failure to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement during any period in which such failure to perform arises directly or indirectly out of an Force Majeure Event, provided that the Party so delayed immediately notifies the other Party of such delay in writing and uses its best efforts to minimize the adverse effect of such events.
The notifying Party's duty to perform the affected obligations may be suspended only to the extent and for the period of time that the affected Party is prevented or delayed from fulfilling its obligations due to the Force Majeure Event, provided that such failure of, or delay in, performance could not have been prevented or circumvented through the notifying Party's timely use of alternate sources, workaround plans or other reasonable precautions including, in the case of Service Provider, timely invocation and adherence to Service Provider's BCDR Plan.
If such failure by Service Provider exceeds or is

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 27 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

reasonably likely to exceed a cumulative period of 30 days, Citizens may terminate this Agreement or any portion hereof immediately without liability.
For the avoidance of doubt, if Service Provider's performance is suspended due to a Force Majeure Event, Service Provider shall have no entitlement to payment of any Fees for the duration of the Force Majeure Event.

19.14 Additional Terms.
The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall prevail over any additional or conflicting terms or conditions contained in any Service Provider or third-party "shrink-wrap" or "click-through" agreements, including any online terms of use or terms of service, made available to a Citizens Entity or Authorized User in connection with this Agreement, and no Citizens Entity or Authorized User shall be bound by any such terms and conditions.

19.15 Cumulative Remedies.
Except as expressly stated otherwise in the Agreement, remedies provided for in the Agreement shall be cumulative and in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies available to either Party at law (subject to the limitations set forth in the Agreement) or in equity.

19.16 Headings. Section and paragraph headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not be used to broaden or limit the Agreement.

19.17 Time of the Essence.
Intentionally deleted.

19.18 Conflict; Order of Precedence.
In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Agreement and the terms and conditions of any Service Provider acknowledgments, invoices, or other documents, the terms and conditions of the Agreement shall control.
Each Party hereby notifies the other Party of its objection to and rejection of any terms or conditions stated by the other Party, whether or not material, that are in conflict with, inconsistent with, or in addition to those contained herein, except as otherwise agreed to in writing and signed by the Parties as an amendment to the Agreement in accordance with Section 19.6.
If there is any conflict between the documents comprising the Agreement, the documents shall be interpreted in the following order of precedence: (a) Schedule 1, Master Terms, (b) all other Schedules to this Agreement, and (c) a Service Order or Statement of Work.

19.19 Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed electronically and in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures were upon the same document.
A copy of the Agreement executed by a Party that is provided to the other Party via facsimile or other electronic means shall have the same effect as the original executed copy of the Agreement.

[END OF SCHEDULE 1]

Master Terms and Conditions (Schedule 1) - Page 28 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

CW2416682

SCHEDULE 2

FORM OF SERVICE ORDER

Service Order #: Effective Date:

THIS SERVICE ORDER (this "Service Order") is entered as of the Effective Date designated above, by and between Citizens Bank, N.A. ("Citizens") and [Service Provider entity] ("Service Provider").
The Parties hereby enter into this Service Order pursuant to the provisions of that certain Master Purchase Agreement

dated as of [

], by and between Citizens and Service Provider (the "Agreement"), which Agreement

is incorporated by reference herein, and the terms of which shall apply to this Service Order as though they were set forth herein in their entirety.
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them within the Agreement.

1. Description of Licensed Software.

(a) [DESCRIBE THE LICENSED SOFTWARE; INCLUDE PRODUCT/OFFERING NAMES; REFERENCE THE SPECIFICATIONS DOCUMENT OR OTHER DOCUMENTATION AS NEEDED]

2. Description of Functionality and Features.
(a) [DESCRIBE THE PRINCIPAL / KEY FUNCTIONALITY AND FEATURES]

3. Acceptance Criteria. [ADD APPLICABLE ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA].

4. Interoperability Requirements (Databases, Software and Hardware/Equipment). [DESCRIBE ANY OPERABILITY REQUIREMENTS, INCLUDING THIRD PARTY DATABASES, SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE/EQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS. IF NONE, INCLUDE "DOES NOT APPLY."]

5. Third Party Software. [LIST ALL THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE AND COMPONENTS PROVIDED AS PART OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE].

6. Equipment [LIST ALL EQUIPMENT AND COMPONENTS TO BE PROVIDED, THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SUBSTANITIALLY IN THE FORM OF ATTACHMENT 2-3 (EQUIPMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS) HERETO THAT WILL APPLY TO SUCH EQUIPMENT AND COMPONENTS, AND THE BASIS ON WHICH THEY ARE PROVIDED (E.G., EQUIPMENT CONSTITUTING DELIVERABLES TO BE OWNED BY CITIZENS, EQUIPMENT TO BE LEASED INCLUDING LEASING TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND/OR EQUIPMENT OTHERWISE TO BE LICENSED INCLUDING LICENSING TERMS)]

7. Fees and Payment Terms.

(a) [ADD FEES; UNIT PRICES/LICENSE METRIC]

(b) [ADD PAYMENT SCHEDULE; AND TOTAL FEES FOR THE TERM OF THIS SERVICE ORDER]

(c) Travel Expenses. [depending on the nature of the Services one of the following 2 options will apply: select one:]

[All out-of-pocket travel and travel-related Expenses incurred or which may be incurred by Service Provider in the course of providing the Services and Deliverables are included in the Fees and no such Expenses shall be separately invoiced or reimbursed hereunder.]

Form of Service Order (Schedule 2) - Page 29 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

OR

[All out-of-pocket travel Expenses incurred by Service Provider in the course of providing the Services and Deliverables must be pre-approved in advance in writing by Citizens, and if approved shall be reimbursed by Citizens.
In no event shall Citizens pay any Expenses in excess of the total amount of $[5% of the total cost of this Service Order].]

(d) The fees specified above shall become due and payable in accordance with terms of the Agreement, including Section 7.3 (Invoices).

(e) Except as expressly stated herein, there shall be no additional Fees, charges or Expenses incurred by Citizens hereunder.

8. Maintenance and Support.1 The terms in Attachment 2-1, Maintenance and Support, are incorporated into and apply to this Service Order.

9. Additional Terms and Conditions (if any): [ADD ANY ADDITIONAL CITIZENS REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO THIS SERVICE ORDER]

(a) [The following are Critical Services:]

(i) [Refer to applicable Services or mark "N/A"]

(b) [Source Code Escrow Requirements] (i) [List additional requirements or delete if none] [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

1 Services that Citizens designates as Critical Services will need to be identified in 10(a) of this Schedule 2.
Form of Service Order (Schedule 2) - Page 30 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties has caused the Agreement to be executed as of (the "Agreement Effective Date") by its duly authorized representative.

CITIZENS BANK, N.A.

[SERVICE PROVIDER]

Signature   Signature
Name        Name     
Title       Title    
Date        Date     

Form of Service Order (Schedule 2) - Page 31 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

ATTACHMENT 2-1

MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT

The Support and SLA Policy, including any attachments or other terms referenced herein (together, the "Policy"), is part of and subject to the licensing agreement applicable to Software (the "Agreement").
The Policy may be regularly updated by Service Provider.
References to websites hereunder include references to successor websites.

1. Defined Terms.
Capitalized terms have the meaning prescribed in the Agreement, unless otherwise defined hereunder.

24/7 means twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, excluding January 1 in the relevant time zone where the Service Provider support center is located.

Business Day means, for the purpose of this Policy, a daily 8-hour period, from Monday to Friday and excluding public holidays, (i) for US Federal customers: (a) between 12:30 PM and 9:30 PM GMT for US East Coast and (b) between 4:00 PM and 1:00 AM GMT for US West Coast, and (ii) between 9:00 AM and 6:00 PM for any other customers, in the time zone where the relevant Service Provider support center is located.

Cloud Software means Service Provider software provided as a service to the Citizens, with any and all additional versions, updates, modifications, configurations, extensions, and derivative works of the foregoing, (collectively referred to as "Improvements"), and the related Documentation.

Covered Time means, for a calendar month in which a Service Credit is owed, the number of days for which the Citizens is paying the Cloud Software Fees.

Covered Fees means the total Fees paid by the Citizens for the current License Term of the applicable Cloud Software, applied pro-rata to the month in which a Service Credit is owed.

Citizens means an entity executing an Agreement with Service Provider.

Documentation means the official guides for Cloud Software and On Premise Software, as made available on the Trust Portal.

Downtime means the period of time consisting of the number of unavailable minutes in a calendar month during which the Cloud Software is unavailable, is not reachable and not actively serving requests due to Service Provider's actions or omissions.
Downtime does not include the unavailability of the Cloud Software due to Support Exclusions in the Policy, or due to Scheduled Downtime or reasonable emergency update.

Incident means the failure of the Licensed Software to function as set forth in the applicable Documentation, or an event resulting in Downtime.

On-Premise Software means Service Provider software deployed on Citizens premises, with any and all Improvements, and the related Documentation.

Scheduled Downtime means the period of time reserved by Service Provider to apply fixes and updates to its Cloud Software on a regular schedule.

Service Requests means a request from the Citizens that does not meet the criteria for an Incident, and that is limited to information or advice on Software use instructions, activation, licensing and requests for Service Credit.

Service Credit is the percentage of the Covered Fees credited to the Citizens following Service Provider's approval of Citizens' Service Credit request.

Software means collectively Cloud Software and On Premise Software.

Maintenance and Support (Attachment 2-1) - Page 32 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

Ticket means the formal vehicle used by Service Provider to receive Incident claims and Service Requests, through the Service Provider Online Ticketing Portal available at https://www.uipath.com/company/contact-us.

Trust Portal means the collection of documentation and policies made available and amended by Service Provider from time to time at uipath.com/legal/trust-and-security and integrated by way of reference in the Agreement.

Uptime means the level of availability of a Cloud Software product consisting of the number of minutes in a calendar month, when the service is available, reachable and actively serving requests, minus any Scheduled Downtime, divided by the total minutes in that calendar month, and multiplied by 100.

2. First Line Support.
Before submitting a Ticket, Citizens will perform first line support for itself by investigating any connectivity, access permission, database provisioning or security issues related to its systems, networks or applications interacting with the Licensed Software.

3. Service Provider Support

a. Product Lifecycle Policy.
Service Provider provides support for its Software as further described in the Product Lifecycle Policy available on the Trust Portal.

b. Support Plans.
Service Provider provides support in accordance with the support plans described here: https://www.uipath.com/support/packages-options.
In addition, Service Provider may send Citizens Software-related information, e-newsletters, documentation and notices.

c. Support Schedule and Centers.
Except as otherwise provided in this Policy, Service Provider will provide support solely on Business Days and through its support centers located in (i) New York, U.S.A.; (ii) Bellevue, U.S.A., (iii) Bangalore, India, (iv) Bucharest, Romania, (v) Shanghai, China, which may be changed at Service Provider's reasonable discretion.
U.S. Federal Citizenss will receive support from the support centers located in the U.S.A.

d. Supported Software.
Service Provider will provide support for Software during the applicable License Term and subject to receiving the corresponding Fees.
At its discretion, Service Provider may provide support for other products or software released by Service Provider.

e. Fixes and updates.
If, in relation to an Incident, a permanent fix is not feasible, Service Provider may provide a workaround as a temporary solution to restore the use of the Licensed Software.
Software updates that require substantial development or quality assurance work will be applied or delivered by Service Provider at its discretion, in accordance with the Product Lifecycle Policy.
Service Provider updates its Cloud Software continuously and Citizens must not restrict such updates.

f. Priority Level Incidents.
Support first response times will depend on the priority level of the Incident, as assessed by the Citizens and confirmed by Service Provider.
Priority levels ("Priority Levels") are defined as follows:

(i) Priority Level 1 (Urgent): is a major production error within the Licensed Software that severely impacts the Citizens' use of the Licensed Software for production purposes, such as the loss of production data or where production systems are not functioning, and no workaround exists.

(ii) Priority Level 2 (High): is an error within the Licensed Software that renders the Licensed Software to function in a reduced capacity for production purposes, such as a problem that is causing significant impact to portions of the Citizens' business operations and productivity, or where the Licensed Software is exposed to potential loss or interruption of service.

Maintenance and Support (Attachment 2-1) - Page 33 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

(iii) Priority Level 3 (Normal): is a medium-to-low impact error within the Licensed Software that involves partial or non-critical loss in functionality of the Licensed Software for production purposes.

(iv) Priority Level 4 (Low): is a low impact error within the Licensed Software that involves partial and/or non-critical loss of functionality of the Licensed Software for production, testing, training or development purposes.

4. Ticket Submission

a. Citizens will submit Incidents and Service Requests to Service Provider exclusively via Tickets.
Service Provider will be under no obligation to reply to claims or requests received in any other manner.
Service Provider may, at its discretion, choose the most optimal method of response to a Ticket, including by email, video conference or, with Citizens' prior consent, by remote connection.

b. Citizens will assess the impact, urgency and the perceived Priority Level of an Incident and add these details in the relevant Ticket.
Service Provider will evaluate the Priority Level and confirm or recategorize it.
Service Provider will make commercially reasonable efforts to respond to Service Requests but is not bound by the response times prescribed in this Policy.

c. For Premium Support, Citizens must designate at least one individual as primary liaison and communicate their contact information (name, email address, role and telephone number) to Service Provider.
Citizens must notify Service Provider in a timely manner in case of replacement of the contact person.

d. A Ticket is considered closed when a final solution to the relevant Incident is communicated by Service Provider.

5. Support Cooperation.
Citizens agrees to: (i) perform first line support and ensure a problem exists before filing a Ticket, (ii) cooperate and communicate in a timely manner with Service Provider, (iii) provide Service Provider with sufficient and accurate information related to the Incident, (iv) assign contact persons with the necessary technical and communication skills to collaborate with Service Provider, (v) make reasonable attempts to replicate, or to assist Service Provider in replicating the Incident under the circumstances in place at the moment of Ticket submission, including by conducting diagnostic or troubleshooting activities, and (vi) resolve the Incident as indicated by Service Provider.

Ticket Complaint Management.
If Citizens believes, in good faith, that an Urgent or a High Incident was not addressed by Service Provider in accordance with this Policy, Citizens may send an e-mail to complaint.support@uipath.com within 30 (thirty) days after receiving a final response to the relevant Ticket.
The email must contain at least the following information: Ticket number, reason for complaint, proposed solution.
All such complaints must be submitted and will be processed only in English.
Service Provider will do its best to respond to complaint emails in a reasonable timeframe but it will not be bound by the Response Times set out herein.
Should Citizens not be able to obtain information about the Service Requests Tickets via the Trust Portal, Service Provider will submit a report to Citizens, at Citizen's request, free of charge, providing information about Service Provider's service levels relating to the Service Requests Tickets.
It is understood and agreed that all such results, reports, data and the like provided hereunder will constitute the Confidential Information of Service Provider, except for any Citizen's Confidential Information included therein.

6. Support Exclusions.
Service Provider has no obligation to provide support for, and the Uptime does not apply for, Incidents caused by:

Maintenance and Support (Attachment 2-1) - Page 34 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

a. any software made available, as designated by Service Provider, (i) for free, (ii) for trial, (iii) as part of the Community offering, or (ii) as "early access", "private preview", "public preview", "beta", "experimental" or under a similar designation;

b. the Licensed Software being accessed, used, configured or modified in breach of the Agreement, this Policy, the Documentation, the Product Lifecycle Policy, Acceptable Use Policy, or the Licensing Models available on Service Provider's website;

c. the Licensed Software not being updated in accordance with Service Provider instructions or best practices, if in the update Service Provider resolved the Incident for which the Citizens requests support;

d. the Licensed Software being used with other products or software that are not officially supported, are out of support or have been deprecated;

e. Citizens' negligence or willful misconduct, or Citizens' failure to cooperate for the resolution of a Ticket;

f. use of Software with hardware or software not developed by Service Provider which is not explicitly marked as compatible with the Licensed Software in the Documentation;

g. Citizens' failure to adhere to any required configurations, or to follow relevant security or acceptable use policies or practices;

h. Scheduled Downtime;

i. any customized deliverables created by Service Provider, its partners or third-parties at Citizens' request;

j. force majeure events or other factors outside Service Provider's reasonable control (e.g. natural disaster, war, acts of terrorism, riots, government action, network or Internet failure, failure of Citizens or third party owned software, device, technology or infrastructure);

k. features excluded from Uptime, as designated in the applicable Documentation;

l. faulty input, instructions, or arguments (for example, requests to access files that do not exist) or Citizens' attempts to perform operations that exceed the Licensed Software's prescribed functionalities.

7. Personal Data Processing

a. Only to the extent necessary for the purpose of providing support, Service Provider and its sub processors listed below under point d) may process certain Citizens PII (personal identifiable information) such as employee name, surname, job title, company name, e-mail address, country, telephone number, voice and image recordings.

b. Unless otherwise agreed with the Citizens, Service Provider does not require, and Citizens agrees not to send, other types of PII, Payment Card Information (PCI), as defined by Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard or any type of information about health status, provision or payment of healthcare, which can be linked to an individual (as regulated by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) or other applicable privacy law) (PHI), for purposes of Software support.
Citizens must provide Service Provider only technical information and must anonymize or obfuscate any PII, PCI or PHI. Citizens must promptly notify any disclosure which conflicts with this section at privacy@uipath.com.

c. Service Provider will retain data, including PII, necessary for auditing purposes, such as data confirming that a Ticket has been submitted by the Citizens, relevant timestamps and nature of the Incident.
Service Provider will delete all files and Citizens data from the Ticket, whether in the form of audio, video or

Maintenance and Support (Attachment 2-1) - Page 35 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

image recordings, within 6 months after the Ticket has been closed.
Aggregated and anonymized data will be further processed and used by Service Provider to improve its Software and Services.

d. During live remote support sessions, Service Provider will not copy, record or otherwise collect any PII, PCI or PHI, without Citizens' consent.
To the extent possible, the Citizens must minimize or close any desktop application containing PII, PCI or PHI. Live remote support will be guided by the Citizens.
To the extent the support ticket includes PII and such PII originates from the European Economic Area or Switzerland, by accepting this Policy, the Citizens is entering into Standard Contractual Clauses with Service Provider (EU Controller to Non-EU or EEA Controller) available at https://eur- lex.europa.eu/eli/dec_impl/2021/914/oj or any successor website ("SCCs").
Parties agree that the SCCs, as may be amended from time to time (the updated version to supersede and replace the above version) are integrated by way of reference in this Policy.
The details of the transfer constitute an integrant part of the SCCs and include the following: (i) data exporter is Citizens and/or its Affiliates; (ii) data importer is Service Provider and/or its Affiliates; (iii) the purpose of the transfer refers to the delivery of the support services; (iv) the categories of PII are underlined herein; (v) the contact points for data protection inquiries are set forth under the Agreement.

e. For managing your support ticket, Service Provider uses the services of Hubspot, Salesforce and Atlassian, which are Service Provider's sub-processors and process data on behalf of Service Provider.
Your request for support is processed using Hubspot and advanced technical errors are processed by product teams using Atlassian.
Technical data sent by Citizens for support purposes are processed using Salesforce and are stored in the USA.

[END OF ATTACHMENT 2-1]

Maintenance and Support (Attachment 2-1) - Page 36 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

ATTACHMENT 2-2 SOURCE CODE ESCROW - INTENTIONALLY DELTED

[END OF ATTACHMENT 2-2]

Source Code Escrow (Attachment 2-2) - Page 37 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

ATTACHMENT 2-3 EQUIPMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS - intentionally deleted

[END OF ATTACHMENT 2-3]

Equipment Terms and Conditions (Attachment 2-3) - Page 38 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

CW2416682

SCHEDULE 3

FORM OF STATEMENT OF WORK

Statement of Work #: Effective Date:

THIS STATEMENT OF WORK (this "SOW") is entered as of the Effective Date designated above, by and between Citizens Bank, N.A., ("Citizens") and [Service Provider entity] ("Service Provider").
The Parties hereby enter into this SOW pursuant to the provisions of that certain Master Purchase Agreement dated as of

[

], by and between Citizens and Service Provider (the "Agreement"), which Agreement is

incorporated herein by reference and the terms of which shall apply to this SOW as though they were set forth herein in their entirety.
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them within the Agreement.

1. Service Provider Addresses [to be completed if any addresses differ from the address listed at the top of the Agreement].

Service Provider Citizens Name:   [Name   of Service Provider]        
Address:                                  [ ] [ ] [ ]                 

2. Project Name and/or Description. [ ]

3. Project Term and Termination.

(a) Commencement Date: [_____] Completion Date: [_____]

4. Project Leadership and Team Resources.

Project Managers and Other Resources   For Service Provider   For Citizens   Key Personnel
Name:                                  [ ]                    [ ]            [Y][N]       
Address:                               [ ] [ ]                [ ] [ ]        [Y][N]       
Phone:                                 [ ]                    [ ]            [Y][N]       
Fax:                                   [ ]                    [ ]            [Y][N]       
E-mail:                                [ ]                    [ ]            [Y][N]       

5. Project Scope, Services, and Deliverables.1

(a) Service Provider shall timely and accurately provide to Citizens the Services described below and prepare and deliver all Deliverables described below (collectively, the "Project") in accordance with the requirements and specifications set forth herein and in the Agreement.

(b) The Services and Deliverables described herein shall be deemed to include the inherent functions and responsibilities related thereto that would ordinarily be performed according to good industry practice, even if such Services, functions and responsibilities are not specifically described in this SOW.

1 Services and Deliverables that Citizens designates as Critical Services will need to be identified in Section 15 below.
Form of Statement of Work (Schedule 3) - Page 39 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

(c) All Services and Deliverables shall be completed and delivered to the satisfaction of Citizens.
At Citizens' request, Service Provider shall provide Citizens with status updates and written reports on a regular basis in order to inform Citizens about the progress of the Services.

(d) Description of Services and Deliverables.

[OPTION 1] Table 1:

    Deliverable   Deliverable   Description       Start Date       Due Date
[   ]             [             ]             [   ]            [   ]       
[   ]             [             ]             [   ]            [   ]       
[   ]             [             ]             [   ]            [   ]       

[OPTION 2] Table 1:

Total Milestone

Milestone Name / Deliverables

Payment

Milestone Due Project Stage Associated with (can also list as a Date

Holdback(%) (see section 10.3)

(etc.)

Milestone

percentage of the Fixed Fee)

[e.g., Project [e.g.: Master [ ] [ ] [ ]

Kickoff,

Program Plan

Mobilization, Project Workplan Sprints (with names Master Issue Log / descriptions), Hazard & Risk MVP delivered, etc.
Analysis] ]

(e) Additional Acceptance Criteria for Deliverables / Applicable Specifications.

[

]If none, then the Acceptance Criteria for the SOW shall be based on Citizens' acceptance in its

sole and reasonable discretion.

6. Deliverable Acceptance Periods. [

]

7. Additional Service Provider Obligations.
Without limiting Service Provider's obligations under the

Agreement, Service Provider shall: [

].

8. Additional Representations and Warranties. [ ].

9. Resources (excluding personnel).
(a) Service Provider Resources; Service Provider Materials; etc.: [ ] (b) Third Party Provider(s) Names, Services Performed, and Materials: [ ]

(c) Citizens Resources; Citizens Facilities: [ ]

10. Location. Service Provider shall perform the Project only at the following locations and shall require the

following access: [

].

Form of Statement of Work (Schedule 3) - Page 40 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

11. Compensation. (a) Project Fees.
[OPTION 1] Fixed Fee: Service Provider shall perform all Services and provide all Deliverables under this

SOW for a fixed fee of [

] dollars ($xxx) by utilizing the team resources listed in Table 2

(Team Resources and Fees) ("Team Resources") below for the number of hours reflected in Table 2 (Team Resources and Fees) below (the "Fixed Fee Amount").
The Fixed Fee Amount is inclusive of all fees [and Expenses] for the Project and Citizens shall not be responsible for paying any amount greater than the Fixed Fee Amount for the Project.

[OPTION 2]

T&M: Service Provider shall perform all Services and provide all Deliverables under this SOW on a time and materials ("T&M") basis by utilizing the team resources listed in Table 2 (Team Resources and Fees) below ("Team Resources") for actual hours worked by such Team Resources for the Project and approved by Citizens, using the hourly rate outlined in Table 2 (Team Resources and Fees) below.
The total professional fees for the Team Resources is inclusive of all fees [and Expenses] for the Project

and shall not exceed the amount of [

] dollars ($xxx) ("Total Not to Exceed").
Citizens shall

not be responsible for paying any amount greater than the Total Not to Exceed for the Project.
If additional hours or additional Team Resources, in each case, above those set forth in Table 2 (Team Resources and Fees) are requested by Citizens, such request must be documented in writing and authorized executed in writing by both Parties through a Change Control Document.

Table 2: Team Resources and Fees

Total Professional Name Role/Level Hourly Rate Number of Hours Fees

[   ]   [   ]   [   ]   [   ]   [   ]
[   ]   [   ]   [   ]   [   ]   [   ]
[   ]   [   ]   [   ]   [   ]   [   ]

Total SOW Charges: $[

]

(b) Expenses.

[Citizens shall reimburse reasonable out of pocket travel and lodging expenses incurred in the performance of the Project as set forth in the Agreement.
Expenses shall not exceed [SOWs under $500,000: 10%][SOWs over $500,000: 5%] of the total, aggregate fees charged hereunder.]

(c) Invoice and Payment Statement of Work.

[OPTION 1 - Milestones]

Citizens shall pay Service Provider the amounts set forth in Table 2 above as compensation for the Project performed by Service Provider in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and this SOW, based on invoices provided by Service Provider in accordance with the terms of the Agreement, including Section 7.3 (Invoices) after completion by Service Provider and acceptance by Citizens of each milestone described in Table 1 above (each, a "Milestone").
If Service Provider fails to meet any Milestone within the due date set forth in the table below for such Milestone, Service Provider: (a) shall not invoice Citizens for such Milestone until such Milestone has been completed to Citizens' satisfaction and such associated Deliverable has been

Form of Statement of Work (Schedule 3) - Page 41 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

accepted by Citizens and (b) shall complete that portion of the Services as quickly as possible without further payment by Citizens until completion of such Milestone to Citizens' satisfaction and such associated Deliverable is accepted.
If any Milestone is not met within 30 days after the Milestone due date set forth in Table 1 above, Citizens shall have the right to apply a reduction to the Total Milestone Payment ("Holdback") as set forth in Table 1 above and/or exercise its termination rights as set forth in the Agreement or this SOW. Terms such as "sign off", "approval" or "agreed to", or similar language found throughout this SOW and its accompanying attachments, shall not denote acceptance as required by the terms of the Agreement.

[OPTION 2 - Fixed Fee]

Citizens shall pay Service Provider the Fixed Fee Amount as compensation for the Project performed by Service Provider in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and this SOW, based on an invoice provided by Service Provider in accordance with the terms of the Agreement, including Section 7.3 (Invoices) of the Agreement after completion by Service Provider and acceptance by Citizens of all the Deliverables.
If Service Provider fails to complete all the Services and deliver all Deliverables on or before the completion of the Project Term specified in Section 3 (Project Term) above, Service Provider: (a) shall not invoice Citizens for the Project until the Project has been completed and all Deliverables have been accepted by Citizens and (b) shall complete the Project as quickly as possible without payment by Citizens until completion of the Project and acceptance of all Deliverables by Citizens.
If the Project is not completed and accepted by Citizens within 30 days after the Completion Date set forth in Section 3 (Project Term) above, and the Parties have not mutually agreed to extend such Completion Date through a Change Control Document in writing, then Citizens shall have the right to exercise its termination rights as set forth in the Agreement or this SOW.

[OPTION 3 - T&M]

Citizens shall pay Service Provider for the Team Resources as set forth in Table 2 for the Services (and Deliverables, if any) satisfactorily performed at Citizens' request in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and this SOW, based on invoices to be provided [monthly] by Service Provider in accordance with the terms of the Agreement, including Section 7.3 (Invoices).
Citizens shall pay Service Provider only for actual hours worked by Team Resources at Citizens' request and which are listed and appropriately described on the invoice for such calendar [month].

12. Table 3: Key Personnel.
The individuals listed in Table 3 (Key Personnel) shall be deemed "Key Personnel" for purposes of this SOW:

Role

Name

Contact (Email/phone)

13. DELAYS.

THROUGHOUT THE PERFORMANCE OF THE PROJECT, CITIZENS AND SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL HAVE [WEEKLY] GOVERNANCE MEETINGS DESIGNED TO PROVIDE OVERSIGHT OF PERFORMANCE AND IDENTIFY AS SOON AS POSSIBLE ANY FACTORS THAT MAY CAUSE DELAY OR ADDITIONAL FEES IN EXCESS OF THE [FIXED FEE AMOUNT] [TOTAL NOT TO EXCEED].
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL NOTIFY CITIZENS IN WRITING OF ANY ACTUAL OR POTENTIAL DELAY IN THE PROJECT UPON BECOMING AWARE OF THE CIRCUMSTANCES GIVING RISE TO SUCH DELAY, INCLUDING WITH SPECIFICITY ANY DELAY THAT SERVICE PROVIDER BELIEVES IS DUE TO A FAILURE BY CITIZENS TO PERFORM A CITIZENS RESPONSIBILITY SET FORTH IN THIS SOW. IN ALL CASES, SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL

Form of Statement of Work (Schedule 3) - Page 42 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

USE COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS TO PERFORM NOTWITHSTANDING CITIZENS' FAILURE TO PERFORM. ANY ADJUSTMENTS TO DATES OR COST OF PERFORMANCE DUE TO DELAY SHALL BE AS THE PARTIES AGREE IN WRITING.

14. RTO/RPO. FOLLOWING THE DECLARATION OF A DISRUPTION, SUPPLIER SHALL BE ABLE TO:

(a) resume providing the applicable Services (that is, the Services shall resume ) within [___] hours following the occurrence of a Disruption (the Recovery Time Objective), and

(b) restore any data lost as a result of the Disruption with no more than [___] hours of data loss following the occurrence of a Disruption the Recovery Point Objective (RPO).

15. Additional Terms and Conditions (if any):

(a) [The following Services are Critical Services:] (i) [Refer to applicable Services or Deliverables, or mark "N/A"] (b) [List additional requirements or delete if none]

16. Service Level Agreements.
This Statement of Work incorporates by reference the following Service Level Agreements: [Check as applicable and attach appropriate SLA]:

☒ Attachment 3-1: Statement of Work Service Level Agreement [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

Form of Statement of Work (Schedule 3) - Page 43 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties, through its duly authorized officer, has executed this SOW as of the Effective Date.

CITIZENS BANK, N.A.

[SUPPLIER]

Signature   Signature
Name        Name     
Title       Title    
Date        Date     

Ariba Legal Review Request #:

Form of Statement of Work (Schedule 3) - Page 44 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

ATTACHMENT 3-1

STATEMENT OF WORK SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT - INTENTIONALLY DELETED

[END OF ATTACHMENT 3-1]

Statement of Work Service Level Agreement (Attachment 3-1) - Page 45 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

CW2416682

SCHEDULE 4

FORM OF CHANGE CONTROL DOCUMENT

Change Control Document#: Effective Date:

CHANGE CONTROL DOCUMENT (this "CCD") is entered as of the Effective Date designated above, by and between Citizens Bank, N.A. ("Citizens") and [Service Provider entity] ("Service Provider").
The Parties acknowledge that they are entering into this CCD pursuant to the provisions of that certain [Service Order or

Statement of Work, as applicable] dated as of [

] (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified

from time to time, the ["Service Order" or "SOW"), as applicable], as executed under that certain Master

Purchase Agreement dated as of [

], by and between Citizens and Service Provider (as amended,

supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Agreement").
In the event of any conflict between the [Service Order or SOW, as applicable] and this CCD, this CCD shall prevail.
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them within the [Service Order or SOW, as applicable] or the Agreement.
Citizens and Service Provider hereby amend the [Service Order or SOW, as applicable] as set forth below:

Party Requesting Change:   [Citizens or Service Provider]                                             
Purpose of Change:         [Brief description]                                                        
Scope of Change:           [Describe detailed changes to be made]                                     
Changes to Timeline:       [Describe any changes to the performance schedule or milestones]           
Specifications:            [Describe any changes to existing or new specifications for Deliverables or
                           Licensed Software, as applicable]                                          
Acceptance Criteria:       [Describe any changes to or new applicable Acceptance Criteria for         

Services]

Fees and / Payment:

[Describe any changes to fees or the payment terms schedule]

This Change Control Document is effective upon the Effective Date, if executed execution by Citizens and Service Provider.
The [Service Order or SOW, as applicable], as modified by this Change Control Document, shall remain in full force and effect.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

Form of Change Order (Schedule 4) - Page 46 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Change Control Document by their duly authorized representatives as of the date first written above.

CITIZENS BANK, N.A.

[SERVICE PROVIDER]

Signature   Signature
Name        Name     
Title       Title    
Date        Date     

Ariba Legal Review Request #:

Form of Change Order (Schedule 4) - Page 47 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

SCHEDULE 5

DISCOUNTS - INTENTIONALY DELETED

Discounts (Schedule 5) - Page 48 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

SCHEDULE 6

BACKGROUND CHECKS

1. Pre-Engagement Screening.
Subject to applicable Law, Service Provider shall require any individual it employs or engages in connection with the performance of its obligations under the Agreement to have satisfied the screening procedures set forth below prior to such individual performing any Services hereunder.

2. Clearance Levels.

1.1.1. Level 1 Clearance: For individuals with no access to Citizens' Confidential Information (including no unaccompanied access to any Citizens facility and no access to Citizens' internal information technology network), Service Provider shall have conducted commercially reasonable recruitment and security vetting procedures in relation to each such individual including, at a minimum, by verifying such individual's identity and legal right to work in the United States based on documentation satisfying Form I-9 of the US Department of Homeland Security.

1.1.2. Level 2 Clearance: For individuals who may have access to Citizens Confidential Information (but shall not have unaccompanied access to any Citizens facility or access to Citizens' internal information technology network), Service Provider shall, in addition to the requirements for Level 1 Clearance set forth above, have performed criminal records checks on each such individual, including at a minimum federal, state, county- level and lower level court searches for all felonies and misdemeanors based on a minimum of the previous seven years of residency (the "Criminal Records Checks").

1.1.3. Level 3 Clearance: For individuals who may have unaccompanied access to any Citizens facility or access to Citizens' internal information technology network, Service Provider shall also (in addition to the requirements for Level 1 Clearance set forth above) require each such individual to consent to a background check conducted by the third party background check provider identified by Citizens and pursuant to a separate standard agreement between that provider and Service Provider, which background check shall include the individual consenting to being fingerprinted for purposes of such background check.

3. Application Outside of the United States.
The screening procedures set forth in Section 2 apply to individuals who shall be performing Services from within the US. For individuals who shall be performing Services from outside the US, Service Provider shall comply with the above screening requirements to the closest extent possible as permitted by applicable Law in that country, and shall advise Citizens in writing as to any material variations or inability to satisfy any of the above requirements.
Citizens shall have the right to inform Service Provider if any such variations or inability rise to a level such that the affected individuals should not be engaged in relation to the Agreement.

4. Evidence of Completion.
Service Provider shall provide written evidence, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Citizens, of the completion of the Criminal Records Checks for individuals requiring Level 2 Clearance and for individuals who shall be performing Services from outside the US prior to such individuals performing Services hereunder.

5. Results. In the event that: (a) Service Provider is unable to comply fully with the requirements of Sections 2(a) through 2(c) with respect to an individual; (b) Service Provider is unable to verify an individual's identity or legal right to work as described in Section 2(a) above; (c) the Criminal Records Checks or the fingerprint background checks determine that the individual in question has (i) a conviction or program entry for a covered offense as described in Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, or (ii) two or more convictions for crimes involving violent behavior in the previous five years; or (d) any pre-engagement screening activity returns information that otherwise indicates in Service Provider's or Citizens' reasonable judgment that such individual should not be engaged to provide Services under the Agreement, then Service Provider shall not engage the individual in relation to the Agreement.

Background Checks (Schedule 6) - Page 49 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

6. Break in Service.
In the event any individual described above experiences a break in Service with Service Provider subsequent to conducting any investigation described above, Service Provider shall conduct a new background investigation meeting the requirements set forth above.

[END OF SCHEDULE 6]

Background Checks (Schedule 6) - Page 50 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

SCHEDULE 7

DATA, CYBERSECURITY AND PRIVACY REQUIREMENTS

1. General Requirements.
Without limitation of anything contained in the Agreement, Service Provider and Service Provider Personnel shall: (a) establish procedures to protect the security and confidentiality of Citizens Confidential Information (including any Citizens' Personal Information and Citizens Data); (b) protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information; and (c) protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to Citizens Entities' or their respective customers and/or employees or contractors.

2. Cybersecurity Program Requirements.
Service Provider must have a mature Cybersecurity ("CS") program that is consistent with an industry recognized framework, such as ISO 27001, COBIT, NIST, etc.
When applicable, Service Provider will comply with the requirements set forth within the Authentication and Access to Financial Institution Services and Systems issued by the FFIEC.

3. Confidential Information should be handled and processed by Service Provider in accordance with the applicable cybersecurity framework(s), in addition to any other requirements specifically set forth in this Agreement.

a. Key Security Controls.
Service Provider shall develop and maintain key security controls as part of a mature cybersecurity program, which such controls shall include but are not limited to the following:

i. Service Provider shall maintain a dedicated CS office or function, with staff designated to maintain Service Provider's CS program and to perform CS risk management.
ii. Service Provider's CS policies and standards must be reviewed and assessed for relevance on a periodic but regular basis, and updated as appropriate.
iii. All Service Provider personnel or contract resources with access to sensitive data supplied by or in support of Citizens are expected to have removable media controls in place to guard against lost or stolen devices.
Types of removable media include but are not limited to: CD/DVD, USB flash drives, smart phones, portable hard drives, and solid- state drives (i.e., electronic media with no mechanic parts).
iv. Service Provider will follow industry standards for data-at-rest and data-in-motion encryption, including those pertaining to cryptographic techniques and algorithms, when transmitting or transporting Citizens Confidential Information.
In addition, as applicable, Citizens shall unilaterally manage the encryption keys used to transmit or transport information classified by Citizens as "Restricted Information" or where such control is required by applicable Law or other contractual requirements.

b. Application Development.
Service Provider shall develop and maintain secure application development practices deployed to ensure that all software and/or applications written by or on behalf of Service Provider and utilized by Citizens will have been assessed for vulnerabilities using a combination of manual and automated methods prior to delivery to Citizens.
Service Provider shall correct all Vulnerabilities before Software is released for general availability.
At a minimum, all critical and high-level risks as defined by OWASP Top 10 and SANS Top 20 are expected to have been addressed prior to being released for general availability.

c. Change Management.
Service Provider is expected to have a mature change management program.
Service Provider will perform risk assessments after any major infrastructure, configuration or application change that may affect Systems or Services supporting Citizens.
Risk assessments are not limited to vulnerability and/or application penetration testing.
For example, risk assessments may also include a threat assessment after major network architecture changes.
An infrastructure, configuration or application change must be carefully reviewed and understood to determine whether any unanticipated risks have emerged.
Risks categorized as critical, high or medium should not be permitted into production.

Data, CyberSecurity and Privacy Requirements (Schedule 7) - Page 51 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

d. Access and Usage Logs.
If applicable, Service Provider shall maintain access and usage logs consistent with industry standards, which shall be made available for inspection if required for regulatory purposes or as a result of a Security Breach (as applicable to Supplier's network) or other security incident that impacts Citizens.

e. Third Party Assurance Program.
Service Provider shall develop and maintain a third party assurance program sufficient to validate the CS control environment of its contractors, hosting providers and other third party service providers (both domestic and foreign-based) relevant to the Services and ensure they have a comparable CS program to protect Citizens Confidential Information in accordance with the expectations outlined in this Agreement.

f. Vulnerability Scans.
On a monthly basis, Service Provider or its authorized representatives must perform vulnerability scans of any externally-facing system (application and/or infrastructure) used in support of the Services (a "System").

g. Penetration Testing.
On an annual basis, and immediately following any major System changes, Service Provider must perform an application penetration test on all affected systems in support of the Services in accordance with industry best practices.

h. Identity and Access Management.
Service Provider shall follow industry standards for identity and access management, including those pertaining to centralized directory services leveraged for user authentication, centralized entitlement management, and full management of required Service Provider software privileged identities within an enterprise password vault.

4. Access to and Removal of Citizens Data.
If applicable, as part of the Services, Service Provider shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Citizens or its designee all Citizens Data then in the possession or in the control of Service Provider or Service Provider Personnel promptly upon Citizens' request or upon termination or completion of the Services, in whole or in part.
Service Provider shall deliver such Citizens Data in the format in which they are stored and/or on the generally available media reasonably requested by Citizens and at Service Provider's expense.
Service Provider shall ensure that the Citizens Data is stored (a) on media that is dedicated for archival purposes, (b) in a format so that Citizens Data is logically separated from information of Service Provider and its other clients and (c) so that it is recoverable (in all cases such recovery being at Service Provider's expense).
If Citizens determines that certain Citizens Data must be revised on an emergency basis, Service Provider shall either (i) revise or replace such Citizens Data, as applicable, with data provided by Citizens as soon as possible, but in no event later than 24 hours following receipt by Service Provider of such data from Citizens, and/or (ii) block access to the applicable Services until such revised data is received from Citizens, if requested by Citizens.

5. Security Breach.
If applicable, Service Provider shall without delay (and in any event, within no more than 48 hours) provide Citizens with written notice of any known or suspected Security Breach (as applicable to Supplier's network), fraud or other security incident that involves or relates to Citizens Confidential Information in the possession or under the control of Service Provider or Service Provider Personnel, and Service Provider shall promptly investigate and undertake all required and/or appropriate remediation efforts, subject to consultation with and direction from Citizens, as mutually agreed by Citizens and Service Provider.

[END OF SCHEDULE 7]

Data, CyberSecurity and Privacy Requirements (Schedule 7) - Page 52 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

SCHEDULE 8-1

ADA COMPLIANCE

1. Digital Services Requirements.
Service Provider agrees that where the Services involve the use of web pages, digital content, and applications accessible by any employee, contractor, agent or representative of a Citizens Entity or of a third party service provider to a Citizens Entity ("Digital Services"), such Digital Services shall make good faith reasonable efforts to conform with the ADA Laws (as such term is defined in Section 13.10 of the Agreement).

2. Handling of Complaints.
If Service Provider receives any complaint, claim, or other notice alleging that: (a) a person with a disability has been unable to use any Digital Services provided by Service Provider; (b) such Digital Services provided by Service Provider are not accessible to persons with disabilities; or (c) such Digital Services provided by Service Provider do not conform to the ADA Laws, Service Provider shall promptly take action to resolve the complaint and make any changes necessary to ensure conformity therewith as soon as reasonably feasible.
Service Provider shall notify Citizens of such complaint, claim, or notice within five business days of receipt and shall inform Citizens of how the matter has been resolved and addressed.

3. Failure to Comply.
Service Provider's failure to comply with this Schedule 8-1 constitutes a material breach of the Agreement, and Service Provider agrees to indemnify and defend Citizens against any claim that the Digital Services provided under the Agreement are not accessible to individuals with disabilities or fail to conform to this Schedule 8-1.

[END OF SCHEDULE 8-1]

ADA Compliance (Schedule 8-1) - Page 53 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

SCHEDULE 8-2

SERVICE PROVIDER DIVERSITY

SUPPLIER DIVERSITY

1. As used in this Section, the following terms are defined as follows:

"Disabled-Owned Business" shall mean a business physically located in the United States or its trust territories that is at least 51% owned, controlled and Operated by an individual of United States citizenship with a permanent mental or physical impairment that substantially limits one or more major life activities and which has a significant negative impact upon the company's ability to successfully compete.
The ownership and control shall be real and continuing and not created solely to take advantage of special or set aside programs aimed at supplier diversity.

"Disabled Veteran Owned Business" shall mean a business physically located in the United States or its trust territories that is certified to be at least 51% percent owned, controlled and Operated by a disabled United States military veteran.
The disabled veteran's ownership and control shall be real and continuing and not created solely to take advantage of special or set aside programs aimed at supplier diversity.

"Diverse Supplier" is defined as a Disabled-Owned Business, a Disabled Veteran-Owned Business, a Veteran Owned Business, an LGBT-Owned Business, a Minority-Owned Business, or a Woman-Owned Business.

"LGBT-Owned Business" shall mean a business physically located in the United States or its trust territories that is certified to be at least 51% owned, controlled and Operated by a lesbian, gay, bisexual and/or transgender person or persons who maintain United States citizenship.

"Minority-Owned Business" shall mean a business physically located in the United States or its trust territories that is certified to be at least 51% owned, controlled and Operated by one or more members of the following groups who maintain United States citizenship: African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, Native-Americans (including American Indians, Eskimos, Aleuts and Native Hawaiians) and Asian- Americans (including U.S. citizens whose origins are in Japan, China, the Philippines, Vietnam, Korea, Samoa, Guam, the U.S. Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands, Laos, Cambodia, Taiwan, India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh).

"Operated" is defined as actively involved in day-to-day management and exercising the right to make policy decisions.

"Tier 2 Spend" is defined as the amount of fees / charges paid by an organization's third parties (e.g., its vendors) to Diverse Suppliers over a specified period of time.

"Veteran Owned Business" shall mean a business physically located in the United States or its trust territories that is certified to be at least 51% percent owned, controlled and Operated by a United States military veteran.
The veteran's ownership and control shall be real and continuing and not created solely to take advantage of special or set aside programs aimed at supplier diversity.

"Woman-Owned Business" shall mean a business physically located in the United States or its trust territories, that is certified to be at least 51% owned, controlled and Operated by a woman or women who maintain United States citizenship.

6. Citizens intends to place an equitable portion of its business, including contracts and subcontracts for goods and/or services, with Diverse Suppliers certified by industry standard certification agencies.
Licensor therefore agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to afford Diverse Suppliers an equitable opportunity to compete for any and all sub-contracts related to this Agreement on a fair and even basis in

Service Provider Diversity (Schedule 8-2) - Page 54 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

support of Citizens' supplier diversity initiatives.
If requested by Citizens, Licensor shall make good faith reasonable efforts to provide Tier 2 Spend reporting to Citizens on a quarterly basis.

[END OF SCHEDULE 8-2]

Service Provider Diversity (Schedule 8-2) - Page 55 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

SCHEDULE 8-3

CONSUMER PROTECTION [IF APPLICABLE]

GENERAL REQUIREMENTS. IF THE SERVICES REQUIRE THAT SERVICE PROVIDER INTERACT DIRECTLY WITH CITIZENS CUSTOMERS OR POTENTIAL CUSTOMERS (COLLECTIVELY, "CUSTOMERS"), THEN SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL, IN ADDITION TO ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 16.6 OF THE AGREEMENT TO COMPLY WITH ALL CP LAWS, COMPLY WITH THIS SCHEDULE 8-3.

SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL NOT TAKE, NOR OMIT TO TAKE, ANY ACT THAT COULD REASONABLY BE EXPECTED TO LEAD TO CITIZENS BEING IN BREACH OF ANY APPLICABLE CP LAWS. SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL ESTABLISH, MAINTAIN AND IMPLEMENT WRITTEN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ("CP PROGRAM") SUFFICIENT TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE CP LAWS, AND SHALL REGULARLY REVIEW THE CP PROGRAM TO ENSURE CONTINUED COMPLIANCE WITH THE CP LAWS. IF REQUESTED, SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL PROMPTLY PROVIDE TO CITIZENS A COPY OF ITS CP PROGRAM, AS WELL AS SUCH INFORMATION AS CITIZENS MAY REASONABLY REQUEST REGARDING SERVICE PROVIDER'S MAINTENANCE, IMPLEMENTATION, MONITORING AND REVISION OF SUCH CP PROGRAM. SERVICE PROVIDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT CITIZENS WILL PLACE RELIANCE UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED.

IN THE EVENT THAT SERVICE PROVIDER DETERMINES THAT ANY AMENDMENTS TO ITS CP PROGRAM ARE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DIRECTION OF A REGULATORY AUTHORITY OR CITIZENS' POLICIES, PROCEDURES OR PRACTICE, SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL PROMPTLY IMPLEMENT SUCH AMENDMENTS AND NOTIFY CITIZENS THEREOF. SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL PROMPTLY NOTIFY OF ANY OTHER CHANGES TO ITS CP PROGRAM THAT SERVICE PROVIDER REASONABLY CONSIDERS NECESSARY TO ENSURE THAT CITIZENS AND SERVICE PROVIDER COMPLY WITH ALL CP LAWS APPLICABLE TO THE SERVICES AND SHALL IMMEDIATELY NOTIFY CITIZENS IN WRITING OF ANY SUSPECTED OR KNOWN BREACH OF ITS CP PROGRAM OR ANY CP LAW.

COMPLAINT HANDLING. IF THE SERVICES REQUIRE THAT SERVICE PROVIDER HANDLE CUSTOMER COMPLAINTS, SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL TIMELY RESPOND TO ALL SUCH COMPLAINTS AND SHALL PROMPTLY FORWARD TO CITIZENS A COPY OF EACH CUSTOMER COMPLAINT AND SERVICE PROVIDER'S CORRESPONDING RESPONSE(S) THERETO. SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL CREATE AND MAINTAIN A LOG DETAILING ALL CUSTOMER COMPLAINTS AND SHALL PROVIDE TO CITIZENS SUCH SUFFICIENT, TIMELY AND USABLE INFORMATION REGARDING CUSTOMER COMPLAINTS AS MAY BE REASONABLY NECESSARY TO ANALYZE CUSTOMER COMPLAINT ACTIVITY AND TRENDS FOR RELATED RISK MANAGEMENT PURPOSES.

FAIRNESS. TO THE EXTENT THE SERVICES REQUIRE THAT SERVICE PROVIDER PARTICIPATE IN ANY CREDIT OR OTHER BUSINESS DECISION WITH RESPECT TO CITIZENS CUSTOMERS, THEN PRIOR TO PROVIDING SUCH SERVICES, SERVICE PROVIDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT SHALL, AND THAT IT CAUSE ITS EMPLOYEES AND PERMITTED THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, TO READ, UNDERSTAND AND COMPLY WITH CITIZENS' THEN- CURRENT WRITTEN FAIRNESS STATEMENT REGARDING CITIZENS' FAIR AND EQUAL TREATMENT OF ALL CUSTOMERS, WHICH CITIZENS SHALL HAVE PROVIDED TO SERVICE PROVIDER.

[END OF SCHEDULE 8-3]

Consumer Protection (Schedule 8-3) - Page 56 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

SCHEDULE 9

INSURANCE

1. INSURANCE

1.1. Required Insurance.
Service Provider shall provide during the term of the Agreement, and for a period of two years following the term of the Agreement, the following insurance coverages ("Required Insurance")1:

1.1.1 Worker's Compensation.
Worker's Compensation as prescribed by applicable Law covering all employees and any other persons (including sole proprietors) providing Services for Citizens without exclusion, and employers' liability insurance in an amount of no less than $1,000,000 per accident for bodily injury and disease;

1.1.2 Commercial General Liability.
Commercial general liability insurance (bodily injury, product liability and property damage) with contractual liability insurance to cover liability relating to the Agreement, the limits of which insurance shall not be less than $1,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 annual aggregate;

1.1.3 Auto. Automobile bodily injury and property damage liability insurance covering owned, non- owned and hired automobiles, the limit of which shall not be less than $1,000,000 per occurrence;

1.1.4 Umbrella. Umbrella or excess liability insurance endorsed to provide "follow form" coverage over the employers, general, and auto liability policies above, the limits of which insurance shall not be less than $5,000,000 per occurrence and $5,000,000 annual aggregate;

1.1.5 E&O. Errors and omissions insurance, the limits of liability of which shall not be less than $5,000,000 per each occurrence/claim and $5,000,000 annual aggregate;

1.1.6 Cyber Security.
Cyber or Network Security Liability Insurance including Privacy Liability, the

limits of which shall not be less than $5,000,000

per each occurrence/claim and

$5,000,000

annual aggregate; and

1.1.7 Crime. Crime Insurance, the limits of which shall not be less than $1,000,000

per

each occurrence and $

annual aggregate.

1.2. Certificates/Evidence of Insurance.
Service Provider shall promptly deliver to Citizens certificates of insurance made out by the applicable insurer(s) or their authorized agents evidencing the insurance required under this Section.

1.3. Notice of Cancellation.
Each policy shall provide that 30 days prior written notice be given by insurer to Citizens in the event of any termination or cancellation.

1.4. Deductibles. Service Provider shall be responsible for its own deductibles and retentions.

1.5. Waiver of Subrogation.
Required Commercial General Liability and Auto Liability Insurance policies shall contain a waiver of subrogation in favor of Citizens.

1.6. Insurance Companies.
All Required Insurance shall be carried with responsible insurance companies of recognized standing which are authorized to do business in the state in which the Services are rendered and are rated "A VIII" or better by A.M. Best.

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 57 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

1.7. Additional Insured.
Service Provider shall ensure that the following "Additional Insured" shall be provided on Commercial General Liability and Auto Liability Insurance: Citizens Bank, N.A., its subsidiaries, parents, Affiliates, directors, officers, agents, landlords and employees as their interests may appear are included as additional insureds.
Coverage for such Additional Insured shall be primary and non-contributory for losses relating to Service Provider's Services for which Service Provider is otherwise liable in whole or in part.

1.8. No Release or Waiver.
The fact that Service Provider has obtained the insurance required in this Section 19 shall in no manner lessen nor otherwise affect Service Provider's other obligations or liabilities set forth in the Agreement including its obligations to defend, indemnify and hold Citizens, its Affiliates, and its and their directors, officers, employees, contractors and agents harmless in accordance with this Agreement.

[END OF SCHEDULE 9]

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 58 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

SCHEDULE 10

LICENSING POLICY

UiPath (i.e. Supplier) licensing strategy provides customers a coherent and comprehensive end-to-end automation platform.
To provide customers even more flexibility and support customers' automation journey, we recently introduced a new universal pricing model that allows for workload migration between on-premises and cloud with a single pricing without the complexity of different licensing models.
Learn more.

This licensing policy regulates the license granted and specific restrictions applicable to the current UiPath Platform version and is read together with the licensing agreement between UiPath and the customer on UiPath's Trust Portal.
Except as otherwise provided under the below plans, the SKUs are available on a term-based subscription.
Other metrics (user type, consumption, etc.) may apply, as prescribed below.

Legacy versions of this policy from previous releases have been Archived.

 Definitions

 Product Definitions

The UiPath Platform suite of Products as described on https://docs.uipath.com/ may be licensed in accordance with the available SKUs.

 UiPath has 3 types of environment options:

o Automation Cloud is a cloud-based SaaS solution that manages automation work and resources in one place.
It enables the Customer to deploy, operate, and scale its robot factory.
Learn more.

o Automation Suite enables you to install the full UiPath suite of products and capabilities anywhere (existing VMs on Azure, AWS, GCP, on-premises) with scaling, HA, and backup capabilities.
Learn More.

o Individual Products - UiPath Platform products individually installed and managed on- premises.
Available products are installed on supported windows operating systems and physical/virtual hardware on-premises.

 Action Center is used to action tasks to be performed or undertaken by users when dealing with long- running workflows, and user intervention is required before proceeding to the next step in the workflow.
Learn more.

 Activities are software templates for automation projects created and/or made available by UiPath.

 Apps is a low-code application development platform that enables you to quickly build custom business apps that connect to data across cloud or on-premises system.
Learn more.

 New!Automation Cloud Robots are UiPath hosted robots, fully SaaS - provisioned and managed by UiPath, giving you a virtual machine on which to run automations.
Learn more.

 AI Center is used to develop, train, store and deploy machine learning models.
Learn more.

 Automation Hub is used to identify and evaluate automation ideas, manage their implementation, and store automation artifacts.
Learn more.

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 59 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

 Computer Vision is used to automate applications by identifying screen elements with machine learning technology.

 Data Service is a data storage service, allowing the Customer to build automations that can leverage capabilities like relational data types, integrated security, and instantaneous provisioning and deployments.
Learn more.

 Document Understanding enables users to perform data extraction from documents through a combination of digitization, classification, and extraction capabilities used for machine learning models.
Learn more.

 Insights provides an Orchestrator-integrated platform for data modeling and analytics.
It is used to visualize the customer's data across desired metrics, it enables the Customer to discover new analytical insights, track performance indicators, and be alerted of errors or anomalies.
Learn more.

 Integration Service enables integrations/connections across all products in UiPath platform.
It standardizes authorization and authentication for the systems you want to integrate with.
Learn more.

 Orchestrator is used to deploy, manage, and monitor Products.
One Orchestrator instance may be split in several tenants, each of them being a separate logical environment.
Learn more.

 Process Mining is a process analysis method to get process insights from data in IT systems.
It is a fact- based technique to show the exact process as it occurred in practice.
Learn more.

 Robot is used to execute automation workflows, subject to specific usage limitations.
Types of roots include.
Learn more.

o Attended Robots - Allows the execution of workflows as a direct result of a human action and under human supervision.
More details here.

o Unattended Robots - Allows the execution of workflows without human supervision through the management capabilities offered by UiPath Orchestrator.
More details here.

 Studio is used to design and maintain automation workflows with additional automated testing capabilities.
Studio includes tools to integrate testing into development and automation process formerly known as Studio Pro.
Learn more.

 StudioX is a no-code environment used to design and maintain automation workflows.
Learn more.

 Task Capture is a process discovery tool that allows users to illustrate and document the processes and actions they are performing.
Learn more.

 Task Mining automatically identifies and aggregates process workflows, and is used to record the actions of users, analyse them and expose the results across dashboards.
Learn more.

 Test Manager is a web-based interface that enables test planning, requirements traceability, and defect reporting along with an orchestration layer which facilitates integration with ALM tools.
Learn more.

 License Definitions

Capitalized terms used but not defined in this policy will have the meaning assigned to them in the licensing agreement.

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 60 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

Customer is an entity or an individual having received the right to use products by virtue of a licensing agreement.

AI Units - Metrics that is used by all AI Center AI/ML solutions -- including 1st Party AI models like Document Understanding, Task Mining, Out of the Box ML Models, and 3rd party and customer's Bring Your Own Models.
These AI Units are applicable for both cloud and on-premises-based deployments (compute resources used will consume additional AI Units).

New! Robots Units - Metrics that is used for Automation Cloud Robots - VM or Serverless.
VM Automation Cloud Robots consumes RUs per month and Serverless Automation Cloud Robots consumes RUs per min usage.

Attended Robots - Allows the execution of workflows as a direct result of a human action and under human supervision.
More details here.

Unattended Robots - Allows the execution of workflows without human supervision through the management capabilities offered by UiPath Orchestrator.
More details here.

Concurrent Runtime represents the maximum number of processes that can simultaneously run on a specific machine.
When online and connected to Orchestrator, a machine consumes a number of licenses equal to the runtime capacity of the machine used to connect it to Orchestrator.

HAA (High Availability Add-on) grants access to supported redundancy and stability solution for one multi-node Orchestrator or Automation Suite instance.

Disaster Recovery is the copy of a license that may be used solely as needed to regain use of the associated Software for disaster recovery and business continuity following a catastrophic loss.

Multiuser is a license model where a license is assigned to 1 user out of a pool of authenticated users.
This is available only for On-Premises and Cloud Plans.
Each Multiuser license adding up to 3 distinct authenticated users to the maximum number of users that can be granted access.
Multiuser may be displayed as "Concurrent User" in legacy platform versions.

Named User is a license model where a license is assigned to, and may only be used by, a uniquely identified user.

NonProduction is available only for designated software and refers to non-production use, such as internal development, internal training, and evaluation, excluding any Production use.

Production refers to use of the software according to its intended commercial designation.

Product, Service, or Software may be used interchangeably, and each refers to any software component, service, and the underlying technology proprietary to UiPath, or which UiPath has the right to license or distribute to its Customers.

Runtime is an execution slot an unattended robot can use to execute an automation.
A machine (physical or virtual) has a runtime capacity equal to the maximum number of unattended robots that can execute simultaneously on that machine.

 Guidelines (i) Multiuser and Named User licenses for the same Product cannot co-exist on the same Orchestrator key.
(ii) Studio may be activated using a Robot license only for limited purpose (and not for the purpose of developing workflows), as follows:

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 61 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

o Activation through the Attended Robot or Testing Robot is limited to debugging (no editing allowed)

o Activation through Unattended Robot or NonProduction Robot is limited to troubleshooting (editing allowed)

(iii) Studio and Attended Robots used without Orchestration are activated with standalone licenses.

(iv) Attended Robots require human intervention and cannot be used as Unattended Robots.

(v) NonProduction designated Products cannot be used in Production.
Automation workflows must not be executed in Production using NonProduction licenses.

(vi) Disaster Recovery may be enabled only for certain Products, as allowed by UiPath, and is subject to the same rules and restrictions as the Production license of such Product.
The Production license and the Disaster Recovery setup cannot be enabled at the same time.

(vii) For Products Orchestrated through Flex Plan or Cloud Plan, customer must choose one deployment environment for the Product.
Customers are not allowed to use the same Product license on Automation Cloud, Automation Suite, and Individual Products (windows installer) at the same time.
UiPath allows customer to change the deployment environment (ie.
Automation Cloud, Automation Suite, Individual Products) during the license term.
UiPath grants a 3 (three) months term for completing the migration from one deployment environment to the other.
In deviation to the above, during the migration period, customer can deploy the same Product license in both environments.
This deviation is limited to once per license term.

 Flex Plan

The SKUs offered in the Flex Plan provides entitlements to deploy and license the product in any of the 3 deployments:

 Automation Cloud - The Cloud Native UiPath Platform delivered as SaaS from UiPath - hosted in Azure, Managed by UiPath

 Automation Suite - UiPath Platform delivered as a single, containerized suite on environment of choice - on-premises or cloud subscription to any of the major providers.

 Individual Products - UiPath Platform products individually installed and managed on-premises.
Products are installed on supported windows operating systems and physical/virtual hardware on-premises.

 User Tiers SKUs

UiPath

Software

SKUs

Pre-requisite and Business Rules

Capabilities Apps Action Center

UiPath - Flex - Action Center -

 Minimum purchase of 5 such SKUs

Named User

Task Capture

 Orchestrated through Automation

1Data Service

Cloud, Automation Suite, or

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 62 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

                                                 2Integration Service                                                                          Individual Products (windows installer).  New!1 Data Service Unit is granted a single Data Service Unit includes 1 GB data storage, 5 GB attachment storage, 10K Maximum data service API calls per day.  New!Integration Service includes 3K API calls per month, pro-rated until end of license term. Currently available on 1,2Automation Cloud and 1Automation Suite                             
UiPath - Flex - Attended - Named User            Apps Attended Robot 1 Data Service 1 Integration Service Action Center Task Capture            Orchestrated through Automation Cloud, Automation Suite, or Individual Products (windows installer).  1 Data Service Unit is granted a single Data Service Unit includes 1 GB data storage, 5 GB attachment storage, 10K Maximum data service API calls per day.  Integration Service includes 3K API calls per month, pro-rated until end of license term. 1Curently available on Automation Cloud
UiPath - Flex - Citizen Developer - Named User   StudioX Apps Attended Robot 1 Data Service 2 Integration Service Action Center Task Capture    Orchestrated through Automation Cloud, Automation Suite, or Individual Products (windows installer).  1 Data Service Unit is granted a single Data Service Unit includes 1 GB data storage, 5 GB attachment storage, 10K Maximum data service API calls per day.                                                                                                                                    

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 63 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

                                                                                                                                                                               Integration Service includes 3K API calls per month, pro-rated until end of license term. Currently available on 1,2Automation Cloud and 1Automation Suite                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
UiPath - Flex - Automation Developer - Named User       Studio Test Manager User StudioX Apps Attended Robot 1 Data Service 2Integration Service Action Center Task Capture    Orchestrated through Automation Cloud, Automation Suite, or Individual Products (windows installer).  Action Center requires Orchestrator  Testing capabilities requires version 2021.4 and above  Test Manager capabilities is a separate SKU under Platform  1 Data Service Unit is granted a single Data Service Unit includes 1 GB data storage, 5 GB attachment storage, 10K Maximum data service API calls per day.  Integration Service includes 5K API calls per month, pro-rated until end of license term. Currently available on 1,2Automation Cloud and 1Automation Suite
UiPath - Flex - Process Mining Developer - Named User   Studio StudioX Test Manager User Apps Attended Robot 1 Data Service                                                    Orchestrated through Automation Cloud, Automation Suite, or Individual Products (windows installer).  This SKU requires Flex - Process Mining Rows Bundle - 20M  Testing capabilities requires version 2021.4 and above                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 64 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

                                                            2Integration Service 3Process Mining for Developers Action Center Task Capture    Test Manager capabilities is a separate SKU under Platform  1 Data Service Unit is granted a single Data Service Unit includes 1 GB data storage, 5 GB attachment storage, 10K Maximum data service API calls per day.  Integration Service includes 5K API calls per month, pro-rated until end of license term. Currently available on 1,2,3Automation Cloud, 1Automation Suite, and 3Individual Products
UiPath - Flex - Process Mining Business User - Named User   2Process Mining for Business User Action Center Task Capture                      Orchestrated through Automation Cloud, Automation Suite, or Individual Products (windows installer).  This SKU requires Flex - Process Mining Rows Bundle - 20M  Minimum purchase of 20 2Currently available on Automation Cloud or Individual Products                                                                                                                                                    
UiPath - Flex - Tester - Named User                         Tester Manager User Task Capture                                                  Orchestrated through Automation Cloud, Automation Suite, or Individual Products (windows installer).  Test Manager capabilities is a separate SKU under Platform                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

 Robot Tiers SKUs

UiPath Software

Pre-requisite and Business Rules

Capabilities

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 65 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

New!UiPath - Cloud - Robot Units Bundle - 72K       Automation Cloud Robot                                   Orchestrated through Automation Cloud.  VM Automation Cloud Robots consumes Robot Units on a monthly allocated basis and cannot carry over to the next month.  Serverless Automation Cloud Robots consumes Robot Units per minute usage.                                                                                                                                                           
UiPath - Flex - Unattended Robot                    Unattended Robot 1 Data Service 1 Integration Service    Orchestrated through Automation Cloud, Automation Suite, or Individual Products (windows installer).  1 Data Service Unit is granted a single Data Service Unit includes 1 GB data storage, 5 GB attachment storage, 10K Maximum data service API calls per day.  Integration Service includes 5K API calls per month, pro-rated until end of license term. 1Curently available on Automation Cloud
UiPath - Flex - Unattended Robot - Non-Production   NonProduction Robot 1 Integration Service                Orchestrated through Automation Cloud, Automation Suite, or Individual Products (windows installer).  The total quantity allowed per Customer is up to 30% of the total number of Unattended Robots or 2 (whichever is greater) licensed by the Customer  Integration Service includes 3K API calls per month, pro-rated until end of license term.                                                

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 66 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

                                                          1Curently available on Automation Cloud                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
UiPath - Flex - Unattended Robot - Test   Testing Robot    Orchestrated through Automation Cloud, Automation Suite, or Individual Products (windows installer).  Requires UiPath - Test Manager  Requires 2021.10 to run RPA workflows for dev purposes  Integration Service includes 3K API calls per month, pro-rated until end of license term.

 Platform Add-On

UiPath Software SKUs Pre-requisite and Business Rules Capabilities UiPath - High Availability A dd-On   HAA                Availability only with Automation Suite, or Individual Products (windows installer) via Orchestrator Standard.  For Orchestrator Standard, license is per deployed instance on a single multi-node Orchestrator instance. ie. If there is more than 1 HAA cluster then additional license for High Availability Add-On is needed.  Production license also includes up to 3 non- production (Dev/Test) licenses.
UiPath - Flex - Computer Vision                                                                         Computer Vision    240MP/min  Limited to 1 per account                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
UiPath - Flex - Insights                                                                                Insights           Orchestrated through Automation Cloud, Automation Suite, or Individual Products (windows installer).  Production license also includes up to 3 non- production (Dev/Test) licenses.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
UiPath - Flex - Insights - 50 Designer Users Add-on                                                     Insights           Orchestrated through Automation Cloud, Automation Suite, or Individual Products (windows installer).  Production license also includes up to 3 non- production (Dev/Test) licenses.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 67 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

UiPath - Flex - Test Management                                            Test Manager                                                                                                                                                         Orchestrated through Automation Cloud, Automation Suite, or Individual Products (windows installer).                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
UiPath - Flex - Integration Service API Calls Bundle - 6M                  1Integration Service                                                                                                                                                 1Curently available on Automation Cloud                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
UiPath - Flex - Integration Service API Calls Bundle - 3M                  1Integration Service                                                                                                                                                 1Curently available on Automation Cloud                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
UiPath - Flex - Process Mining Rows Bundle - 20M                           2 Process Mining                                                                                                                                                      Production license also includes up to 3 non- production (Dev/Test) licenses.  Includes access to Process Mining capabilities and entitles up to 20,000,000 Rows of Process Mining Capacity in Automation Cloud, or a standalone Process Mining server 2Currently available on Automation Cloud or Individual Products
UiPath - Flex - AI Unit Bundle - 60K                                       Enable customers to deploy, manage and train Machine Learning (ML) models,                                                                                            Orchestrated through Automation Cloud, Automation Suite, or Individual Products (windows installer).  This SKU contains a bundle of 60,000 AI Units                                                                                                                                                                   
UiPath - Flex - AI Unit Bundle - 1M UiPath - Flex - AI Unit Bundle - 10M   including Task Mining, Document Understanding, Computer Vision, out-of- the-box (OOTB) models provided by UiPath/UiPath Marketplace, and customer's own ML models.    Orchestrated through Automation Cloud, Automation Suite, or Individual Products (windows installer).  This SKU contains a bundle of 1,000,000 AI Units  Orchestrated through Automation Cloud, Automation Suite, or Individual Products (windows installer).  This SKU contains a bundle of 10,000,000 AI Units     
UiPath - Flex - Automation Hub                                             3Automation Hub Task Capture                                                                                                                                          Orchestrated through Automation Cloud, A utomation Suite, or Individual Products (windows installer).                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 68 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

 On-Premises Plan

 User Tiers

 Unlimited number of user access to multi- tenant in Automation Hub

 Unlimited usage of Task Capture

 New!Production license also includes up to 3 non-production (Dev/Test) licenses for Automation Suite.

3Currently available on Automation Cloud or Automation Suite

UiPath Software SKUs Pre-requisite and Business Rules Capabilities UiPath - Multiuser Add-On   Add-on for Multiuser                         Available only with UiPath - Orchestrator - Standard or Automation Cloud  Only 1 per organization is required to be purchased
UiPath - Action Center - Named User OR UiPath - Action Center - Multiuser                      Action Center Task Capture                   Action Center requires Orchestrator  Multiuser license requires Multiuser Add-On  Minimum purchase of 5 SKUs                
UiPath - Attended - Named User OR UiPath - Attended - Multiuser                                Attended Robot Action Center Task Capture    Action Center requires Orchestrator  Multiuser license requires Multiuser Add-On                                             

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 69 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

                                                                                                                                                                                              This SKU is not compatible with legacy Studio SKUs on the same Orchestrator instance                                                                                                                                                                                                       
UiPath - Citizen Developer Named User OR UiPath - Citizen Developer - Multiuser   StudioX Attended Robot Action Center Task Capture                                                           Action Center requires Orchestrator  Multiuser license requires Multiuser Add-On                                                                                                                                                                                                          
UiPath - Process Mining Developer - Named User                                    Process Mining for Developers Studio StudioX Test Manager User Attended Robot Action Center Task Capture    Action Center requires Orchestrator  This SKU requires Process Mining Server  This SKU is not compatible with legacy Studio SKUs on the same Orchestrator instance  Testing capabilities require version 2021.4 and above  Test Manager capabilities is a separate SKU Platform Add-On.
UiPath - Process Mining Business User - Named User                                Process Mining for Business User Action Center Task Capture                                                 Action Center requires Orchestrator  This SKU requires Process Mining Server  Minimum purchase of 20                                                                                                                                                                                     
UiPath - Tester - Named User                                                      Test Manager User Task Capture                                                                              Not available with UiPath - Orchestrator - Basic  Test Manager capabilities is a separate SKU Platform Add-On.  Testing capabilities requires version 2021.4 and above                                                                                                                   

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 70 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

 Multiuser license requires

Studio

Multiuser Add-On

UiPath - Automation Developer - Named User Test Manager User  Action Center requires Orchestrator

OR

StudioX

 Testing capabilities requires

UiPath - Automation Attended Robot Developer - Multiuser Action Center

Task Capture

version 2021.4 and above

 Test Manager capabilities is a separate SKU Platform Add-On.

*UiPath RPA Developer/Cloud Orchestrated RPA Developer, RPA Developer Pro/Cloud Orchestrated Developer Pro, and Test Developer Pro have been consolidated into Automation Developer SKU as of 2021.4.
Existing SKU will no longer be available for renewal or purchase.

 Robot Tiers

UiPath Software SKUs Pre-requisite and Business Rules Capabilities UiPath - Unattended Robot - Concurrent Runtime   Unattended Robot                            This SKU requires UiPath - Orchestrator                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
UiPath - Robot - NonProduction                                                                                      NonProduction Robot                        The total quantity allowed per Customer is up to 30% of the total number of Unattended Robots or 2 (whichever is greater) licensed by the Customer                                                                                                               
UiPath - AI Robot                                                                                                   AI Robot                                   Requires UiPath - Orchestrator - Standard                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
UiPath - AI Robot Pro                                                                                               AI Robot (includes management for 1 GPU)    Requires UiPath - Orchestrator - Standard                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
UiPath - Unattended Robot - Test                                                                                    Testing Robot                               Requires either UiPath - Orchestrator - NonProduction or a non-production tenant on UiPath - Orchestrator Standard  Not available with UiPath - Orchestrator - Basic  Requires UiPath - Test Manager  Requires 2021.10 to run RPA workflows for dev purposes

 Platform Add-On

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 71 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

UiPath Software SKUs Pre-requisite and Business Rules Capabilities UiPath - Orchestrator - Basic   Orchestrator                                                                      A single-tenant that can manage maximum 5 licenses of (cumulative) Attended User and/or Citizen Developer and/or Unattended Robot, plus maximum 5 licenses of (cumulative) Automation Developer and/or Process Mining Developer, purchased separately  Non-production tenant(s) can be created on the same instance  Multiuser SKUs are not supported  Refer to each Commercial SKU for supportability with Orchestrator - Basic
UiPath - Orchestrator - Basic Upgrade                                                              Upgrade from UiPath - Orchestrator - Basic to UiPath - Orchestrator - Standard   Requires an existing UiPath - Orchestrator Basic                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
UiPath - Orchestrator - Standard                                                                   Orchestrator                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
UiPath - Orchestrator - NonProduction                                                              Orchestrator                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
UiPath - Computer Vision - On-Prem                                                                 Computer Vision                                                                  Limited to 1 per account                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
UiPath - Computer Vision - On Cloud                                                                Computer Vision                                                                   240MP/min  Limited to 1 per account                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
UiPath - Document Understanding Page Bundle - 40k                                                  Document Understanding                                                            Allow consumption of 40k page units.  Requires UiPath - Orchestrator - Standard                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
UiPath - Document Understanding Page Bundle - 1M                                                   Document Understanding                                                            Allow consumption of 1M page units.  Requires UiPath - Orchestrator - Standard                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
UiPath - Document Understanding Page Bundle - 10M                                                  Document Understanding                                                            Allow consumption of 10M page units.  Requires UiPath - Orchestrator - Standard                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 72 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

UiPath - Insights - Orchestrator Add-On                            Insights                Not available with UiPath - Orchestrator - Basic                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
UiPath - Insights - Orchestrator Add-On - NonProduction            Insights                 Available only with UiPath - Orchestrator - NonProduction  Not available with UiPath - Orchestrator - Basic                                                                                                                                                                                    
UiPath - Test Manager                                              Test Manager             Requires 2021.4 version and above                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
UiPath - Process Mining Server                                     Process Mining Server    Allows unlimited processes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
UiPath - Process Mining Server - NonProduction                     Process Mining Server    Allows unlimited processes  Limited to non-production                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
UiPath - Connector for Salesforce                                                          Requires and available only with UiPath - Orchestrator Standard                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
UiPath - High-Availability A dd-On for Orchestrator                HAA                      Available only with UiPath - Orchestrator - Standard  Not available with UiPath - Orchestrator - Basic  License is per deployed instance on a single multi-node Orchestrator instance. ie. If there is more than 1 HAA cluster then additional license for High Availability Add-On is needed.
UiPath - High-Availability Add-On for Orchestrator NonProduction   HAA                      Available only with UiPath - Orchestrator - NonProduction  Not available with UiPath - Orchestrator - Basic  License is per deployed instance on a single non-production multi-node Orchestrator instance.                                                                                    

Licensing Models Archive UiPath Platform version 2022.2

UiPath   Platform   version   2021.10
UiPath   Platform   version   2021.4 
UiPath   Platform   version   2019.10
UiPath   Platform   version   2019.4 
UiPath   Platform   version   2018.4 
UiPath   Platform   version   2018.3 

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 73 of 74

DocuSign Envelope ID: B8FECCAF-EA9B-4E6E-95E5-04536F8CCF10

UiPath UiPath UiPath Platform version 2016.2

Platform Platform

[END OF SCHEDULE 10]

version version

2018.1 2017.1

Insurance (Schedule 9) - Page 74 of 74